#EXTM3U  x-tvg-url="https://www.tsepg.cf/epg.xml.gz" 

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000051&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MjNiNzAzYy02M2YwLTQwMDMtYTU3My1lNGY3M2ExZDY2ZWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1ON-fO0UwACyh6dKYn5tgnWcevlux86nQwOOQjKFNDQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="52" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-v1/imageContent-155-j5frd2uo-m1.png" ,Colors HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_299/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000472&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3Y2NjZjA2My03YWNhLTQ0YzYtOGY5Ni1jY2NmNWU3MzkzODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lTgX3HbFHnLtaUurIoNsEV0YCC0TIOG7QS9TPWIInO0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="447" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-v2/imageContent-11746-j9kwfmfs-m2.png" ,Sadhna TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/4119911.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMTNlNzY0Ni02YzY5LTQ4OGUtODQyYi1hZTUxNjZmZTVhNDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WPIKHjEQ5m6IDUbvTJEJTLtZecHqQLdVbKRgzSo05k0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="893" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-v1/imageContent-61633-kmlgwaww-m2.png" ,Valam TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000671&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNmZjOTliMS0xNjQ4LTRmNmUtOGM4Zi0yOWJlYTI4ZDgyYzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bsBthcPiZ5KiJGqhDvh3qYaUC6AF2BAR-_w3uByrIno|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="637" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-v1/imageContent-21315-je85i72w-m5.png" ,Zee Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18086.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MzhjMzJkMi1hMWQwLTRhODItYmEzNy1lN2U4OWU2ODI5ZWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.DVU_qXhAMNOBwn_2R324bBX_1ze5fCPXEFUJTsDkjd0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="41" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13243-jbirprzs-v1/imageContent-13243-jbirprzs-m1.png" ,News18 Odia
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2727326.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000223&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMWNkYmJiMS0yNjVjLTQwNzYtOTk5ZC03NTU5ZDY0YTNiMDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zLrH8zCdHrUCMvT4zCzBQrlPLC322AgvRfTQjk7ebFA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="204" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-v1/imageContent-846-j5m9p55k-m1.png" ,CNBC Awaaz
https://bpprod3catchup.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_147/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000528&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNDQ0ZDhiNC1lNTFlLTQzNDktOGRkOC1kMDUzZGFiMzJhMzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._x7BhnuV04Zp4mkVdutMObRTfu0qeKD9F6j9zMCPApA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="503" group-title="HINDI MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-v1/imageContent-11915-j9l5clzs-m1.png" ,Zee Cinema HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051464.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000527&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5NTEwZTY1OC01NmI1LTQ0M2MtYjE1OC1lZmVjOTQ2ZTRlMzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.w15LdnuJJJ6umS5IcDvyFu3ItFAFs3SSPqE5B90bSM4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="497" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-v1/imageContent-11912-j9l58n8w-m1.png" ,VTV Gujarati
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819769.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000242&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNWM2MTNiNS0zY2M4LTRmZDYtOGI2NS0yYmIyZDUwOGRkNTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ADq7dq-ckQgX3yj5Qq8nLFPqF_ObcxtBO22LyU3Y5F0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="228" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-v1/imageContent-967-j5mr8tw8-m1.png" ,Discovery Turbo
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553893.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000749&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkNWYxZTE5NC0zMWIzLTQyMjUtOTY1OS1hMDE2MTIyYTBmMDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1aZgFUxI2YcV1LXRuKQFF7GoAav7qNBMNyT_w0CpbWM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="706" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38638-jty095tk-v1/imageContent-38638-jty095tk-m1.png" ,TV9 Bharatvarsh
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/200.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlOTEwNjJkNC04ZGU4LTQ1MTYtOGJjNy03OTYzMGVmNzUwN2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.DN5GVCbXWqMskjT0gDLivbiCpx2OqAHSqr_HK3mkbkg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="890" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-v2/imageContent-61251-klylf4u0-m9.png" ,Republic Bangla
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4562704.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000382&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwOTFkOTFmNi05YjYyLTRjNTAtYmI0MS1iMGFjZmE5OTk1YTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.GkjGT1SM7EJtKHmMCMdQ9ppBpHC0qnpGWzDaJCb-ir8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="344" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-v2/imageContent-11467-j9jr3k80-m2.png" ,Hindi Khabar
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_564/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000679&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMWMxM2Q2Ny03MjAwLTQxOTItODFjNC1hOTQzNzhiNGRjMGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.y7mhC6bMhw7fLKO6vJWzP5ITR72pS4rGjjvS5Z9iKhU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="643" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-v1/imageContent-31191-jldnwhhs-m1.png" ,News State MP CG
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/3554776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000057&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwOTQzOGQxZC1jY2FiLTQ1NDUtYmM4YS03ZjRlYzUyYzI5MzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.D2khQ0Fn7_HUG58vJgOpHLnQ_UrdYj79Vp_USsMZ76o|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="60" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-186-j5fsr1go-v1/imageContent-186-j5fsr1go-m1.png" ,DW
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/4092328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000786&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MjE0MmYyYS02Mjk4LTQ3YjYtYjQzZC00ODkyODAyYzUyMjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.6sX3Mhb1L3DaTwYwUF7yHKxRry1px1AI-vplM5sLRiA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="728" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-v2/imageContent-43103-jxzlrb0o-m2.png" ,Subharti TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2554658.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000160&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MmQwZjM1OS1lZjk1LTQ4NDgtYWEyMi03ZGQyZTBjMWRiMDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.s8jgrbJRBln-EVy-qs4TAQXruoSjvR5-kj6e44W4ztk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="146" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-498-j5jy7i80-v1/imageContent-498-j5jy7i80-m1.png" ,ETV Andhra Pradesh
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779620.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000546&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlNTUzZDg2NC0zZDI3LTQ3MGItYWIwZC1kZTg0N2E3ZGI0NDIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.No3UTEk4J9x2a3wCDS4b6QtzEA0-DN9GQAcGFhwkYp0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="522" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11970-j9luk5ag-v1/imageContent-11970-j9luk5ag-m1.png" ,Zee Bangla HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496587.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000266&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNTk1MWMwMi0wMmIwLTRiZTgtYjNiZS0wNDhjZThhOTc1NWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.m1tRzOSsgfFL6UIIzjLf9CroTu9wuWIBNB56LxhZoQw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="252" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8849-j7pqmypc-v2/imageContent-8849-j7pqmypc-m3.png" ,Zee Cinemalu
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_416/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5ZmM2ZWE3My02MmNlLTQyYTEtOTcxYS1mOGEzZDk0ZTY1Y2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.rW4ZY9iROxt4hX_orFxcv9lhimljTXHwRYzVWlCkf2M|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="865" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-v1/imageContent-57966-khtydrm8-m1.png" ,Bangla Bhakti
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001014&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MmUwMzZiMi1lZmFiLTQyZmQtOGVmOS1jODlkNmVkNjBhMWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.emQyU5F_lppZmYD6iFoGfSKybCXfJfNDkrg2iRB21Yg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="871" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58487-kixjuhmg-v1/imageContent-58487-kixjuhmg-m1.png" ,Tehzeeb TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1146/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NDM3MjNhZC00M2IzLTRmNmItYTc1NS02NzZhZWFkNDRmNjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.gChOLdPDa5STqq07D0dU5NWwu1Mi8dgQivT4mhF2xBs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="913" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-v2/imageContent-62858-kpdlcyeg-m2.png" ,News 1st
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMTJkZDcwZC1jOThkLTQxMzYtOTllYy01ZTQ4NzhjYmU0ZWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9o-BQ6vojGylt50GiJ8cEO6GkvIotDF9LgS9G-la1X4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="945" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-v2/imageContent-65969-ku6f2ozs-m2.png" ,Live Nanded Saheb Maharashtra
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000460&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNDIxMTcyYy01NzQ4LTQ1ZjQtYTQ0Ni01ZTc5MzI5MmYxNGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BHuACY9oC2q_tJdTaxqhYL8RFunAZHerSgGGLqY1dnY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="434" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11712-j9kt9fbs-v2/imageContent-11712-j9kt9fbs-m2.png" ,Jothi TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051428.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000070&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNDIyMTU2NC01MTY0LTQwODYtYjI0Ni1iYTMxMWJiNjJmZDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CBCaraQ2Sm7OHnsMhHwe4CyKKxRdmjrPRHefuadHBGQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="74" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-225-j5fxgwfk-v1/imageContent-225-j5fxgwfk-m1.png" ,9X Jhakaas
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284240.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000001&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNzY2YTYwYy04YmQ0LTRlN2QtODVjMy1kYmNkZDEwYjQyN2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.gemBQP4314aLPgtfP9iqwXOv8BOBmJYa6E_4kzCfDvc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="1" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-3-j5dkuhwo-v1/imageContent-3-j5dkuhwo-m2.png" ,INDIA TODAY
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1460881.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000478&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MGExMWUzOS1jYmIyLTRlZjMtYWZjMi1iMzY3M2RiMDMwNTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tqhtZWFoCa1LGv5LtWhHmIn5f85b-dLym0YdsqbLenE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="455" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-v1/imageContent-11764-j9kwqj6o-m1.png" ,Sathiyam TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326432.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000371&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3ZDNhNTAyNC1mZWJhLTQ2MmItOWI0Zi0wZjJhYjgyMzFhNTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LjajOgm7b3s7iPWsdQsvGQ8ElGeGLhDZopycWlaz7cI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="367" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-v1/imageContent-11429-j9jqu3y0-m1.png" ,FOX Life HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000149&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ZGI1ZDNiZi01OTA2LTRlMDUtYWJhMS03MWZhZTM1ODIzYjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn0seyJlcGlkIjoiU3Vic2NyaXB0aW9uX0Jyb3dzZXJfU3RyZWFtaW5nIiwiYmlkIjoiMTAwMDAwMTQxMSJ9XSwiaXNzIjoiVFROIn0.AZ1GJSONkCCs0D4ud_Lsw074aJDUbQ3TYTpgKnJrn1s|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="138" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-v1/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-m1.png" ,Nick
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000216&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMWI2N2U5YS0zYWMzLTQ1OTItOWQxMy0xMzQ1MzYzYWU3N2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3bkeCXtUDbfz93HNX1Q7XhFgjODPaaoRIEYDIJ9Cd3k|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="213" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-v2/imageContent-825-j5m9c6c0-m2.png" ,Sansad TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2231635.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001081&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YmM4ZDA0My01NTM5LTQ0ZTUtYjY0ZC1kMWQyNDdmOWNjYjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lD_Qp_S8wk9NmyYm5fRDfQ78dfS3vvlJrcPRhMwvQ7k|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="930" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59645-kk72iwh4-v3/imageContent-59645-kk72iwh4-m3.png" ,Buletin India
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/418.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000041&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4OTQwZDdkNC02ZjFlLTQ1MmYtOTYwZC04YTllNGE2OTU5ZTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.aFag93c1DObqCDIdL0G0Aw1Y04P-TubcPrGXx5dnzVc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="43" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-v1/imageContent-123-j5fnf1fc-m1.png" ,Sanskar
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2679655.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000102&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MGNiYzljNy0wNTM4LTQ5YzMtYTQ5Yi02ZTg5YmFkMGNlY2IiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QaIQP1zsr9Evn6yOTw4byPDR8JGJ3yFfrZuTh8mNK9E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="105" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-324-j5jl5hp4-v2/imageContent-324-j5jl5hp4-m2.png" ,Australia TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/4292421.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000858&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyODU1ZDM4Mi0zMjdmLTRmYWUtYmIwNS1hYWRjMjI4Yjc0OGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2Da8qpboFw0m4inXSNoxj_mv90xIxhkO1VA3STgcyHs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="774" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47248-k1vn9ouw-v2/imageContent-47248-k1vn9ouw-m4.png" ,4tv News
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454967.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000605&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiOTFjYmM5My02MDRkLTQ2YzQtOWMyNC03MTc2OGZiNzI4YTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BjVnWw9s_QVHDEH7-2iUgIcPL82vdqfzhnmC_yIQrnA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="577" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-v1/imageContent-12143-j9p7vx9c-m1.png" ,Swaraj Express SMBC
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3127354.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000349&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMjg2N2M4Mi01Yzg1LTQxMjctYTRjZC1lYzA1NWVkOTFjMDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CaVbFe22cpwXWGAwskkX8TaR4MMFUTjmIY3PoDQoUzY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="331" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-v1/imageContent-11363-j9jprc40-m1.png" ,DD North East
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000612&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4M2VmOWU1Yi1lM2VlLTRmYjktYjNlMS02NjQwOTgwYmYzMDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.RalDGkLyMaeoEGL1Tj5SuAsoQUBB1oBXiQ3JBjXL5zg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="585" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12164-j9phk5iw-v1/imageContent-12164-j9phk5iw-m1.png" ,Vissa TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4242847.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000225&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYjI2NzYxMy05N2MxLTRiODktYjRkNy01ZjBkYmY1YTUzYzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BlWbKBnuW78flAEqcHheSd09go963JtyRrK8Yyy3Qwc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="207" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-852-j5m9xe80-v1/imageContent-852-j5m9xe80-m1.png" ,News Time Bangla
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3241032.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000531&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiYzdlZjY3Mi04MGVlLTQ1ZGItODJiZS04MDQyNDVhZTA0ZGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YT4N2XbJ-9E9pczLrW-MYEe8FNpKSFMWb8kN6My3AgI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="507" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-v3/imageContent-11924-j9l5fs6w-m3.png" ,Zee 24 Kalak
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631043.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000350&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNTVhNjQyNS02ODY1LTQ1MGMtYTg2ZC1lZTk5M2Q1ZDdmNmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.gg-YDcwkgrtuRrAD41ZCdQ0q0FceivygfLOxoU1428U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="333" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-v1/imageContent-11366-j9jpvkw0-m1.png" ,DD Odia
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454829.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000511&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmMDBjNTBiNS0zNzA5LTQ1ODYtYWE4Ni03MTYxYzFkMDU3MDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.RZK-7mOufWQTQeugSOCI54iYcbw5oJN4H3sMpUvtoAo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="484" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-v1/imageContent-11862-j9l2p61c-m1.png" ,Travelxp HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMjMxNmI2NC1lZTNlLTQ1MjEtOWQwNC04MjkwYjljYTM5OWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.IF6O9D9qTrguRREiyvlnPBUiWkczXIYWj4388P19FM4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="866" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-v1/imageContent-57969-khu0zsnc-m1.png" ,Tara News
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/452.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000700&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZGRhNWQ1Yi03YTE0LTQxZTgtOGQyZC01NTEyNzU2OWU5YzYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NmXz33hnbT9MlkwqcWBQ8tEvynRHw37PK8LWcks91lU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="661" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31188-jldk0joo-v2/imageContent-31188-jldk0joo-m2.png" ,Public Movies
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_894/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000621&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkM2MzNmRkNS04NDNiLTQzYzgtODMyZC1mMGU3YjU2NmI2NmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.kEfkjDs5T1ExPg9U6pcwlivBZU2X80U7Jq69sekfKKE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="597" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12207-j9qlt5vk-v2/imageContent-12207-j9qlt5vk-m2.png" ,Zee Sarthak
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2734062.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000452&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZjVlNTVkOC00ZWM2LTQ4NmQtOGU2OS1jNjA4ZmU3MDI5NmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.DMDdGmA9905mS115yPs3HD90OEfwc3CXCLDoX0VjS-Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="541" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11688-j9kiz1zs-v1/imageContent-11688-j9kiz1zs-m1.png" ,Raj Musix Malayalam
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496615.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000386&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NDE2ZjA4MC1mYzdlLTQxMjgtYWUzNi1jMmZlNWM4YzM3NzkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MBbYaz_iYaegacSdad3ThRUqgWWEzcPnB5aY4Twuqss|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="366" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-v1/imageContent-11482-j9jsdwfk-m1.jpg" ,India News Punjab
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000361&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhZGRkOGRjMC05ODMzLTRkNTYtOWY3NC0xYTM5NWRmYTE1Y2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.6gSvNY161TGqSbum5krgCLGKjHzelOzueeBqIGxitPQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="341" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-v1/imageContent-11396-j9jq7jg0-m1.png" ,Discovery HD World
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3085468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001000&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMDBkZjIzOC0yYTNkLTRjNzgtYmVkZS02ZWE4YjQ3MDVmZTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.fiwnYfWOcY2eZPhW3V6_imzscQnoP8G_Oa_f8tNXTiQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="861" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57511-kgg03elk-v2/imageContent-57511-kgg03elk-m3.png" ,Zee Vajwa
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1139/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000250&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZjNhZGE0OS1kNTc5LTQ0YmMtYjUzNC1iZjI0MTRiMGRmNmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bX5EJSzSGeYYVA9Z6nfb1cJUupQ_gK6hjzHpRqy1npI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="235" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1021-j5nj3c68-v1/imageContent-1021-j5nj3c68-m1.png" ,Star Sports 2 HD
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2285199.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000996&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkOTIxYTRhMC05ODk4LTRhYWYtOGY3NC03NTEwYTg5NjQxOTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.t03UJIF0j8IiQwbvXCjyZOtxI7Ql2qZItzibV--c8Ew|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="793" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-v2/imageContent-57445-kg7p5yk8-m3.png" ,Living India News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_984/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmMjNmMDg0YS04MDE2LTQ2NjYtYWViZi02OGNiMWMwNGQ3NGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Vwts4vF7dY7VMbhqO6Xa9vqD_tC-e8PhlqXCGOJynP8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="97" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-v1/imageContent-315-j5jjsht4-m1.png" ,TV9 Marathi
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240976.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000035&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZjJmOTM2Yy02NzQxLTRkY2MtODhmYi1jZWNkM2ZiZDBmZDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.65n-X6kURsj_Tg1zMyAanzSAr_JpVUmSdsGp2m2CR1w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="38" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-v1/imageContent-105-j5fl5t1k-m1.png" ,Aastha
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240929.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001009&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2OTUxMThmMS02ODc2LTRmM2UtYjZkMS00MGFiODQzYzM3OGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.sW6q_naJTYrCdr7zO42XN5ULeE8qEn1qYUzLXh8ng8Y|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="867" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57985-khvdchrs-v2/imageContent-57985-khvdchrs-m2.png" ,Gubbare
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1143/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000064&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyODQyMmViMy01ZjgwLTRlMTUtYmU4MC1hZGZiOTU5Mjk1NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzQ5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzQ5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.L-zNMifPYTQDozRhaOdScntpjV1yuC065GKR7QNADx0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="64" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-v1/imageContent-11090-j95hdh6o-m1.png" ,Zee Anmol Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2700571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000286&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYzA0Mzc4YS0xZWMyLTQ1NDctOGQ2Ny0xYzMzYzIyYzE4YTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QYddwZ54tqTtd6qrl4UEOo2TH3jVyxHTkdi9JAUUmrk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="272" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11188-j9i480zc-v1/imageContent-11188-j9i480zc-m1.png" ,Polimer TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319454.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000134&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MGYwMzk4Ni00ZmYwLTQxOTItOTJhMi01ZmY0MmYzMmJiNWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3A_uIOdODDgTVq4zR3xcksNemTMZMsgOOOcWJERYYdI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="126" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8017-j7a4nf20-v1/imageContent-8017-j7a4nf20-m1.png" ,EPIC
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_194/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzYmQ2OTUxNS02YTEwLTRiNzUtOGY2Mi0yMDEwYTExMTk3MTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.aDRtLIss3E2YhLDRzQmTJd7IelWw-N3cC0lDje0NMPk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="946" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-v2/imageContent-65974-ku6fq8zk-m2.png" ,Live Govind Devji Jaipur
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000484&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlOWM3Mjg0MS0zYzEzLTRhYTctYTBmYi01NTU3YjczNzZlZjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.AjODJKX20ssnHfOsrGBg_UFlOk7wfhtOwRJXJvO61mY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="462" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11784-j9kylfd4-v1/imageContent-11784-j9kylfd4-m1.png" ,SONY TEN 2 HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3554785.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000583&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3NmI0NWZhNi02MTMyLTQ2YWUtYmRhNC03Yzg4YWYzNmQ4YzYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7TcL-M_Sb6TFlP69c75Ro4qUtLTZYu8O3hQmq_B1zk0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="552" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-v1/imageContent-12068-j9o9t9jc-m1.png" ,Gujarat Samachar TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496644.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000229&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZTcyNjNiNy0wMTYxLTRkM2YtYWMyMS00ZTQ4ZDkxYmIyY2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-kcQooLYRRnoBmj66NA799Hx_aJi8mE1LyRsErT-lE8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="215" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-864-j5mava4o-v1/imageContent-864-j5mava4o-m1.png" ,Sangeet Bangla
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2100231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000217&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZjZkMzY4OS01YWJkLTRkNzEtYTI3NS0xYzgyZTk0Mzg0ZmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.eBlejrKne-TJgQebHlxK2y2ugjUNITbmbxvcpblB0SM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="210" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-826-j5m9kx5c-v1/imageContent-826-j5m9kx5c-m1.png" ,MN+ HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5186828.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000745&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhN2UzN2NlZi1lNGJiLTRkMGItODRiMC03MjRjODEzZmQzNzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dmzaJ9wXdzhf2f_ctgJx531hAlPizEHXbcIa1-DqdM0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="701" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37210-jswmlty0-v1/imageContent-37210-jswmlty0-m1.PNG" ,Jantantra TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4207498.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZTA3OWE3NS1kMjI5LTRmNWEtYTgyMC1kOTZhNTNiOWNjNzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.nlekYm6HQn-fUwdfkko2x8wC3qHLShU1hB87-rF1dmY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="98" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-312-j5jjsfhs-v1/imageContent-312-j5jjsfhs-m1.png" ,Russia Today
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240984.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000486&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYTZlYzkzZi01ZDFlLTQ5YzMtOWJmZi1kOGRhYjA3NTkzY2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.oh3x_YckCMXOHDaaU3mg5DPit5ZXHPkR5piwLyoVq-8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="463" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11791-j9kyqpy8-v1/imageContent-11791-j9kyqpy8-m1.png" ,Star Sports Select 2 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18038.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001091&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZjdmZGM3Yi1kOWEwLTRhMzMtOTAyYS04YTk0M2UwNGMwZGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.sWNcEeSKMn-bgADkfKwpxFg4CXiFAQHPNE_IkSyACXw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="940" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-v1/imageContent-65190-ktai1xtk-m1.png" ,SIRIKANNADA Alltime
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1771/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000866&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MTgxZjQ3YS1kNWM0LTQ1MGItOTU3Ni1mMWM2Y2E2OWE1ZGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LJ3GO3TBnfxv7U-pWqWiYbX90C-fUevnX857begF-4Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="783" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47647-k2lbp2q8-v1/imageContent-47647-k2lbp2q8-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Seniors
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817759.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000268&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmMDZiNmQzYS1hNGYzLTRhYzItYjQzMS00OGYzNjdlMjk0MWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._mArHkPMMg8wL3qjFgO6X-akDMGQRLnHStr4FT5xOHs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="254" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11009-j8xbk7js-v1/imageContent-11009-j8xbk7js-m1.png" ,Zee Bangla Cinema
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2834224.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000351&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYzkzZDdkMy01ODZjLTRmYzUtOWM2OS0xZjIwNWU1NmM1NGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dpKVeXvsc7dyr0h76Xp5E7Q79C_piwuuG1061ce1usU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="334" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-v1/imageContent-11369-j9jpvzjs-m1.png" ,DD Podhigai
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454859.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMWFmMmNiYS01NzkyLTRlYmEtYmYzZS1kOWNkMWIzZDlmNWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9p7la03nzZWVmFnRxo6gGehKfb27tjegsCQZGqPkzvA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="882" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-v1/imageContent-60930-kljn4aps-m1.png" ,Garv Punjab
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/301.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000637&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MjM0Njk1Ni04NjI0LTQxMGUtOGRmNS0yY2UzYWYwMDZjMWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ELtlYu-TEIguj8oIFs4mbILD167xoy8-E3Cgd5aCu8A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="613" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-v3/imageContent-12252-j9qrkgu8-m2.png" ,News State UP Uttarakhand
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/24405.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000075&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyYWFlMzRlNy00NWUzLTQ3ODMtYmVjMy1iYTI0MDlhZGM5OTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xSI_1wQ3NDudrUh69Dp5fcmjr-mOyc2dDlLAx-Sok1U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="79" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23223-jeyhnzfs-v1/imageContent-23223-jeyhnzfs-m1.png" ,News18 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2624994.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000401&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxM2I4MmRjYy0zMjViLTQ2ZTktOWVhMi0xNjIxMWIwNGQ2OTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hkFNdJjjQmR1ewX3LjRd5xWjuqswNoauFVcGZf2f0Y0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="384" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-v2/imageContent-11527-j9jtx9hk-m2.png" ,Khabarain Abhi Tak
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_596/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000007&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4YWNiNmVkMS03YmNhLTRkZjEtOTU5YS04YjIxZDdhODNhNmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.RwRPxdyUQUQ8Dz_XxNAdakh4wereJOlmc4KtrLhRvlw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="8" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25307-jhrhflww-v1/imageContent-25307-jhrhflww-m1.png" ,STAR Plus HD
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2970531.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000387&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwMjFmYzhhOC1jZmQ3LTQ4MjMtODhmZC1lZTRmYzg1N2MwZDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2UpdlbXwsmip1Gxnlffj8TN3eq0wsx6LPMPdf_Q9Zq8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="368" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-v1/imageContent-11485-j9jsysqw-m1.png" ,Indradhanu
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/3550131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001058&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMTdkMmQ3Ny01MTg3LTRiNmEtOWZhOS00NjMxOGRhMmRiOWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.l80Zakc7k3k-mjP2iYRj_4eVU1uyHwWuv_BrM59ogOE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="907" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-v6/imageContent-62573-kop7duow-m9.png" ,Argus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1314/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000392&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YWMxNTI2Yi1jMDg2LTRjNmMtYmQwOS0yZjJiZjMyYjZkN2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Y53MbMi8bCeYs1ksv0KZLCZG7xKah0BQJsMxfU4_7X0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="372" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12323-jaa5pzxs-v1/imageContent-12323-jaa5pzxs-m1.png" ,Jeevan TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_588/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000038&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwOGVhMTFlNy00Y2I3LTQxYTAtOWY5Ni00MjVhNWZiMDI5YjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UcvzBkULZmHAiwtCJn7gGR_YXi0GFkoE8kgQcwG5iwE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="36" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-v1/imageContent-114-j5fl632o-m1.png" ,News Nation
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240938.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000263&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3ZTMyZDRlZC01MjU5LTQyOWEtYWY4MS1iMWZkYzAzMDVlZWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TIMvhMNd8DPcgQ4vOQD-nWxs4YpqRFJOye4ofFNnTJU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="249" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8842-j7pp0me8-v2/imageContent-8842-j7pp0me8-m2.png" ,Zee Talkies
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_425/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000330&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ZmU4NjMwNS00YzhiLTQ1ZjgtYTAyMS05MDk1OGMxZDgzNTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LJQM41bN-MLEe-T3SRNggCII9EvptYeROu9CeeT_xLA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="316" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-v1/imageContent-11320-j9jlusp4-m1.png" ,DD Bharati
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454813.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000625&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3NWM1NzFmYS0yYTgxLTQ0MDktYWJhNC03ZmVjMDRhZDQxZWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.EGyyyGR_j-B_OAU-dBqIq50kPtjU09eHGSAja33Szlg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="599" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12216-j9qm5hjs-v2/imageContent-12216-j9qm5hjs-m2.png" ,MNX HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/220505.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000004&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YmI1N2UzOC03ZDhlLTQxMjEtOWJhYS1kZjE5NjE2ZGEwYmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YCBF5XshyTXA_KZaXWakxCzS4WZZJfon-XxbiAdWKho|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="5" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-v1/imageContent-10-j5f7xqxc-m1.png" ,Patrika TV Rajasthan
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/169.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000112&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxZGQ4NTA5MC1lMTE4LTQ5MTMtYmQ2MS03YWNmYzdkZTdmNjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Axr1pWOJiIOmAYtVnQzgCJz6ec-BWugBEeYjDhrUdWg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="111" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-352-j5jmrkqw-v1/imageContent-352-j5jmrkqw-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Smart Manager
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/3148177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000977&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YTA5MDVlZS00YTE4LTRlNWMtOWNhNy03MzMwOTU0NzkzNzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.f3vgci4oO31-EIekQGjWIcdGUrIIZVfOeKwUgsNc61w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="843" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-v1/imageContent-56392-kfdh2tao-m1.png" ,ISKCON Mumbai
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3443253.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000202&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxY2I2MGE3ZS03MDlkLTQwYmUtOGUxZi05MTZkZDIxNjZiOWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.fqyQ-JP6qMQkfHYYt-cwxDk-vF4U-QOoZ14xo0or3LQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="188" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-783-j5m4qkww-v1/imageContent-783-j5m4qkww-m1.png" ,BBC World
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2640666.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000981&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMWY1ZWZmMC1kYTJmLTQ5NWMtODMxZi1hZjgyOTk3NGQ0NDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.pZqegTb8l7lhnKZfi0QQW8BLt6n--27-navn1uscylE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="845" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-v1/imageContent-56404-kfet9quw-m1.png" ,Wah Punjabi
https://tataskylinearkv2.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/wahpunjabi/45f5bff56a47f9ebb68595aac72db8b0.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000085&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZTIwNWVmNC0yOGViLTRjNmEtOGExZS0xOGM2NzA2YTAzM2IiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QKC2pgKdUzOx5HyRdyuimUUAB0wbfXGe_daprL8M2Rw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="85" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9824-j85wb88o-v1/imageContent-9824-j85wb88o-m1.png" ,News18 Kannada
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/3296932.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000735&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwN2QzYzJmMS01NDY5LTRmYWUtYTEzNy05ZDFlNWMwNTk2MDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9bcW0MdTIJEClO3QpRsPM2kbz2kItER6tygbZZtWDyU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="693" group-title="SPORTS SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-v4/imageContent-35309-jqxwmcq0-m4.png" ,Eurosport
https://delta7tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4326706.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MDcyMjY4MS02YTE2LTQwZDItYTE3NC01NzkzMGY3NzNiZGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.i2pNlWprEQY0UNmi0UtxCHsLBVQqK_B1BIqA2f-jcT4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="63" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-v1/imageContent-11073-j95e7nyo-m1.png" ,Zee TV HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_258/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000418&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiOGMzMGQwNi01ZDMxLTQzNzItOTg5ZC00OGIxZDgwNmY2MWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BMPM549Q_ECppbqw1XKKenqcFAVPltQaQJQj6coj_pk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="399" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11586-j9jyt26w-v1/imageContent-11586-j9jyt26w-m1.png" ,MH One
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819725.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000010&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMWJiYWFmOS02MThiLTQ1MGItYTE4Yy1hZWQ1M2E2MjJmZGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.VxWzPci3PAfWlIENpJh3MZzC0oFYMnjekZXIB2H5qpg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="11" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-30-j5fc0v80-v1/imageContent-30-j5fc0v80-m1.png" ,TV9 Telugu
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/54.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000737&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNmJmZjQ5YS05NDE2LTRkYTEtYmE0Yy00MTA1ODA0OTM5NzgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tIcppXQ4vyzl2zMiwFWtWWdLJL9ziQXIfX-PVbPKZ-w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="694" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35312-jqy146c8-v3/imageContent-35312-jqy146c8-m8.png" ,Zee Keralam HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_933/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000248&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmNzkyZDAxNS1kMGJhLTQ2ZTctYmU2NS1jN2QyMjQ2NTZmYzgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.U0fvDNDUbFizRyAlCflh1eaY8_RMNQYLe3M9i8XQYLU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="234" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1017-j5ngpo2g-v1/imageContent-1017-j5ngpo2g-m1.png" ,MNX
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_237/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNjMwNmJlNC1mNGViLTRjNWQtOGY5My1jZWNlODQxZDFhMWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2Aptr6rthpSoraERQsY2FrmlXyrrw0ov2YrLs7TeZWY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="869" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-v3/imageContent-58484-kixj8h6o-m2.png" ,Prime News
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1145/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000312&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhODMyNWVhOC03YmNkLTQ1OGUtYWVhNS01OWVjYTRlZjQzNDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xakPbFhc90oaJx8a4d73o66pzOPiU1YH8xUr7Itio_A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="297" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-v1/imageContent-11266-j9j2spmg-m1.png" ,Big Magic
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/250.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000139&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1OWQzMzE1OS1jMzM1LTQ4MzgtYjNhMC0yMWQxNTEzNzczMzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.fRUZ1dk543zghJ8Xdf9EVspFhQVzO_0S11phuFY1qWU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="131" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-435-j5jsyz6o-v1/imageContent-435-j5jsyz6o-m1.png" ,France 24
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5870205.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000955&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NzQxYTBhZC1hYzE5LTQ4ZjEtYTBlYS0xOTU0YTQyMzdmNmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.auA2zqS7xIKh6k84Im1YmTTkyO2AunzV5WW_UNHJI1Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="831" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-v3/imageContent-55547-kdzeosow-m6.png" ,News India 24x7
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167779.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000338&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4Y2E2YzJmYS1hZjA5LTQ0OWMtOTM5My05NGRlOWE1Y2YzNzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zhqsPY7qjQxsiIFyXfwGCrDSi1elLMzo2athQWDKYTQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="321" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-v1/imageContent-11338-j9jozdxs-m1.png" ,DD Chandana
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051449.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000376&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MGIxYjdjMS0yMDFhLTRiZDItOTA5Ny03ZGI1ZWUyODZjOWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.70fEubFAevK5HO0cBzStiEdcZP1iHl-SoX60c2ywFFw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="355" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11444-j9jqx6a8-v1/imageContent-11444-j9jqx6a8-m1.png" ,Gemini TV HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/334118.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000201&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMWQwMGQyMS0zNWZhLTQ0NTktYjFlOC04NDkwMTgyMzIyMDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LdmO5GAqzGEO7w33Y62REKveR8WtrIKqgoRwlTIH8g4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="187" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1577-j5xrm7fc-v1/imageContent-1577-j5xrm7fc-m1.png" ,Colors Infinity HD
https://delta6tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4900621.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000274&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5OGMyYjFlMy0yMzQ2LTQzZmItODJiNS00MjZlYzJjNWUzZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.PZNXmu-gqO3LN_LvUTzj9ymq0tAQod5hfkosomdL0uM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="260" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-v1/imageContent-11120-j95jyuao-m1.png" ,Zee Business
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000552&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YzNmODg5ZC1mMWM1LTRkMTMtYTE3NS02NGExNWViY2Q0YmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.utu2dWoTBuEToCj2tLd5glgXADsFFkIeS72Y-_53BJI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="517" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-v1/imageContent-11993-j9luua9c-m1.png" ,Zing
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18145.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000615&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyODA5MWE1My0zOThjLTRmNzItODkwOS1mYzJkOWFjZjdhMmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zf6Z-X4XcXHR_gzLSmkHA4vEpG19k-obbudz8AEtb6E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="611" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12244-j9qq7k1c-v1/imageContent-12244-j9qq7k1c-m1.png" ,Sirippoli
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/3808187.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000364&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNWViYjUyMy04M2YwLTQ0MTktOGM1My0wMzdhNWNlZDNhNTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.psW6vcbZW0THz1rfHS1Jv0RJT5bfPeJM3iq6UjCpd68|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="351" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-v4/imageContent-33495-jnqw9k9c-m5.png" ,Swara Sagar
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_533/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000027&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5NjcyNDhiOC0zZWEyLTQwZGMtODJiNy04YmQzNTQ1ODQyMTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7jkcFJmLWAmhyDNN0TnSWvAJPNm_AjzVXOXpOcin5Cw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="28" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-81-j5fjuw00-v1/imageContent-81-j5fjuw00-m1.png" ,Alankar
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2219370.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000253&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NWIzNWVmYy1mMjAzLTQyYzEtYTJhMy01MmIxOGQ2ODUyZWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.IpObvqWplPVYB_O-pbdk8bmK31hJ3GzeGrNu1r7vtI0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="239" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-2694-j638bugw-v1/imageContent-2694-j638bugw-m1.png" ,Pogo
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5581049.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000096&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYjlhN2Y2Zi04OTM5LTRiYTAtYjk0MC1kMzM4ODg2MjE0NmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.egbxs1PBofTBR87Nsi-a8759FlXciYLKPYLC90ap0i0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="95" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-304-j5ji9otc-v1/imageContent-304-j5ji9otc-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Javed Akhtar
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2220379.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000186&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2Y2RmYmE3OC0zOTYxLTQzYmYtOGFjYy0yN2JhMjNkNGI2NTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2jrAa-maMH_wwBM2Z90c6MmUOHtOGCKcPIY93uTDSHY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="168" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-731-j5l3muhs-v1/imageContent-731-j5l3muhs-m1.png" ,CNBC-TV18
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1927189.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000886&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhODEzNDQ5Ni02YTYzLTRjZTItOTZiOS1lNjYzYjQ1YjM4ZmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.pFrFfVyTvYuzETXlwsBw0O5BSOs6IdvUrYgc2-rlm00|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="800" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-v2/imageContent-49025-k5lxf84o-m2.png" ,Shemaroo MarathiBana
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/238.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000661&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YWIzNWNmZC00ZmY2LTRlNjQtOTIzYS03MGY3NDc2YzQ4NzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.H2Bcf6F8AqFRa5racViwucZhy-u3snr2NxtnJjR0jS0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="632" group-title="HINDI MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19212-jd2xwa4w-v1/imageContent-19212-jd2xwa4w-m1.png" ,Star GOLD HD
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1493766.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000606&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMmYyODllOS01ZjgxLTQzZjMtODY3Ny1hYmE3YTE4N2ZlMjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.C6jhPKxLHlOGsG7sZmUnsxpViWCvDfcjgyhdTxx39xE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="578" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-v2/imageContent-12129-j9p7kluo-m3.png" ,&TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_196/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000105&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxNGMyMDJlMi1iNDQ2LTRjMjktYjBhYS1lMGQwYWUwODViYzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7Mn1dCeCViI1B2c9H4UX9R3F7b8gOmR-eJXmKskg8OA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="101" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-v1/imageContent-333-j5jl5q6o-m1.png" ,Rang
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2727342.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000450&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNzFmMGY3Yi1mZWZiLTRlNTAtOGIzOS0wYzFhZmM2ODU4MjMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.pe1K-1RnjUM5-q1UOviaDKKHE-jYq1eQZAsjDftWWIA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="425" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11682-j9khxjoo-v1/imageContent-11682-j9khxjoo-m1.png" ,Raj Musix
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2227030.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000284&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0ODBjNDliMi1kYzFjLTQ1ODItOTcyOC1lYzc4ZGYzYzE0YmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1S2gFIlQxXq3WUcdBBzxJf6R0EW7LQHmJCT8pT8eyvk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="270" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11179-j9i3nhs8-v2/imageContent-11179-j9i3nhs8-m3.png" ,Janam TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_584/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000919&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYmRlMjhmYS01ZjRkLTQzZmMtODNjMC04ZmFlNThiMjYxY2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.fOIquT_e-8gEd7JM6SjXOW9FkMU6gX29WOt7yii8i-c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="819" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-v1/imageContent-53443-kanbrwjs-m1.png" ,RDX Goa
https://tataskylinearkv5.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/rdxgoa/d0dbe915091d400bd8ee7f27f0791303.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000203&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YTY0ZTBiNC0xNGJmLTRiMTAtYTk1Mi1hMDBhMTVjYWNjNmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MJG_s5ojXfFTv_nOmkrgPRHfhiNXRonhRue7H6jYAKk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="189" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8012-j7a2doxc-v1/imageContent-8012-j7a2doxc-m1.png" ,NewsX
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630912.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000222&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxYjkwNWU2ZS1jMDNhLTQzOTQtYjBiMS02YjNjNThjNDRhNmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qscL08L1rvNJDfliJazvg0YA97skU4E32DbNORJHQAw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="206" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-843-j5m9oyzc-v1/imageContent-843-j5m9oyzc-m1.png" ,CNN News18
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000464&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjYTdmOWJlMS1jNTY1LTQxMTEtOTZhNy00Y2Y2ZDQwYjFhMDIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-zwIaa3APEH5IY8OjRrLEPjJ4A9qNXYsITj8sHmFeug|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="444" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11724-j9kvwnkg-v1/imageContent-11724-j9kvwnkg-m1.png" ,Travelxp Tamil
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484361.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MWVjZjcwMC1lYWIwLTQ2N2ItYWM2OS1hZTYwZGEyZjkxODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.FYeoK5WznkcW6TEn7PzbVjaEHOeBKD9uDoiVEGmr-rs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="899" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62150-knicubns-v1/imageContent-62150-knicubns-m1.png" ,Mango TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1309/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000453&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkOWM0YWQzYi05NWEwLTQ2OTgtOTU5My1jYWIwNTdhN2U1YTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.woIbywxgzdCpfwkR5qyGmWL5ehir7ttwIuhLr5zt9wk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="429" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11691-j9kj50i0-v1/imageContent-11691-j9kj50i0-m1.png" ,Raj Musix Telugu
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2142.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001046&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYmFlY2ZmYy1kZTEzLTQ2YTYtOTk5OC1jY2RlNmQwNzUyYzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.V1sIu_hU_uz397EoARswVxYeXPBO76EiQ8YE2-0mkeE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="897" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62144-knict1d4-v1/imageContent-62144-knict1d4-m1.png" ,Enterr10 Rangeela
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190499.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000713&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkOTk2MDEzMC1hMzU4LTQ2MzMtYjJjMS0wZjNkYzdhZDI1Y2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.y1ggE1SJFrwTI0toqcqQ7PijYhfUdR-jb4j2ZYj9nhw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="674" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33814-jo5jba9s-v3/imageContent-33814-jo5jba9s-m3.PNG" ,Colors Tamil HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167771.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000692&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMGE2MWJhZS01ZjlmLTQ5NzMtOGRlNS1iODBkMjIyZTJjNDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.jKhbwj63ktgIHFesQPSRnAnOAndBO5sL-frZHlZuRVU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="654" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-v1/imageContent-26589-jj9w5h54-m2.png" ,India News Gujarat
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4160851.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000529&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyY2M2Nzg5Zi05YWNjLTQ5ZmQtOGVhYi0zMzgwOGY2NzgyNjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.0Zlr7G8jEG8kmgw0MM6SxMz8v-S0k91DoFwytmQ_aDQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="504" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-v4/imageContent-11918-j9l5dbgg-m7.png" ,Zee Zest
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_830/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000467&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzYTkzNGZkOC05ZThkLTQ5NmQtODQwYS1iMjRkNzdjNzJlOGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2XMTOjwTTsditMl4FCzgfszhhK5o7YhGhjSgSCShIzk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="448" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11733-j9kw4100-v4/imageContent-11733-j9kw4100-m4.png" ,News7
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_676/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000021&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxZWFmMDA0My1lYWFjLTRkODEtOGVhMy0wZmUzMmZjODU0NjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lq9vq0aseKjAYa0pkRp63x6t324t048puYHa2TR8_CE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="20" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-v1/imageContent-11140-j96syfuo-m1.png" ,Zee Bihar Jharkhand
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3141834.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000445&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZWE4ODBhMC00NWQxLTQ0M2ItOWFiMy04ZGQzNDM4N2ZiNzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.0muCXWDT_QBe-u82Jj9mlInQejGTyWI7w52EEL4TBEk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="421" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11667-j9kdkb6w-v1/imageContent-11667-j9kdkb6w-m1.png" ,Peppers TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2325119.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000783&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyYjRiNDFmMy0xNGE3LTRlNGItOTBjYS0wOGM1NjdkY2NjZjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4m42_Ta3KqiWb-zYH6qXcjoJJyav-U0RQ6-6CcsscWg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="727" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-v1/imageContent-42199-jxh2zlj4-m1.png" ,Zee Classic
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3771185.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000213&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NDQxNzFmNS0xMTgzLTQxYWMtOWU1Ny1lODM3OWY5YjhkZDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.g60heig9Nxx0AF6VVy1Lpo3WymCX9vxAna9f2s3PpYg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="201" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-816-j5m8dqd4-v1/imageContent-816-j5m8dqd4-m1.png" ,J Movies
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2220489.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000320&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiMzNiNmE2ZS0zNGZiLTRjMmQtOTNhNy1iNGYwZjM2NWY0YTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.c4a-tBij7XZj1z8RmBlAY6YKXkJlY5Uh4TfrKNB22X0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="308" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-16764-jcix3xpc-v1/imageContent-16764-jcix3xpc-m1.PNG" ,Colors Marathi HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2044256.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000323&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmYjY2YmQyOC1jYzM3LTQxZTYtODJiMi02NzAxYTdkOTQ4ZTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.RujQQ-BEgmiBzt_sI-_gSv-wUlFpWuXlDB0OaggkE7Y|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="311" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11299-j9j61p1k-v1/imageContent-11299-j9j61p1k-m1.png" ,CTVN AKD Plus
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319443.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000084&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MDVkZTkwMC05NzAxLTQzNWUtYjUyNy04OWQ5MjY2ODZiOWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.G-qx6eNWZAVd7ejkMkNFeCkltNNS_pI0qqxjNYTx-FY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="129" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-267-j5j8x17s-v1/imageContent-267-j5j8x17s-m2.png" ,Aakaash Aath
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000019&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4YzlkNzAyYi1mMzczLTRhMGItODAxOC1lMDFjNmNkZmYwYjMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wzzJVTRePsZpGBaf77-JVIbuAs30SlGXtZpt6vKN21E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="17" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-v1/imageContent-57-j5fdr2f4-m1.png" ,Mastiii
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3158956.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000124&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZGY3ZWRjNi01MTBiLTRjMGEtYmNmNC0yNzUyODJhM2IyZjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUxLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUxLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Cco3n-POpGZyMKhlZPLMgJtxUkUUM1NLBvNQrmNuD5Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="118" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-390-j5jpps1s-v1/imageContent-390-j5jpps1s-m1.png" ,Nick Jr
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/2672019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000319&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NzZmZGQ4MS1jYmVjLTQ5NzgtODg4Mi03ZGI2ZDIzMGYyNzIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-yOm6ZhhmmSJpsf5lYVOh0xW6NoPvJQnshZfD--cHCY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="305" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-v2/imageContent-11287-j9j4tl2w-m3.png" ,Colors Bangla HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727663.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000234&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MmQwMWZkMy1kMDI4LTRjNjctYWUzZC1lYTFkOTY4MDc2YTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.H2gJpZ9ltQVc4RvTaEj9uIpfiMQNsneqBo2xkFvuVGQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="221" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-v1/imageContent-879-j5mdmlqw-m1.png" ,Protidin Time
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000490&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MjE2NTVjZi00MzdiLTRlYzMtOGU0Yi04YjY4OGIwMmU1YjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YNO4a8-j1cjNTVyZgowlx6R8b2-OdAsdHaqkgqP_Fls|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="469" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11807-j9kyzle8-v1/imageContent-11807-j9kyzle8-m1.png" ,Star Pravah HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326439.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000347&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZDdmZjQyZi0yZjZjLTRmODctYmU3Zi03NDJlZTJkNWZkNGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YmOgCdYBfRiHCSQjkGv7YsRIdJBI2JwFJlEYpM2Rx0I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="330" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-v1/imageContent-11351-j9jpmdvc-m1.png" ,DD Madhya Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2274124.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000023&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YWY5ZGNjYS0xYjk5LTQwN2EtYTUxZS02ZWE0NGQ0NDQ1OTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAxMDIzIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CqmdvHPunPf0fZLBkVR_RdcqOI1AANbGd_3LggjCQpY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="22" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-v2/imageContent-69-j5ff8tls-m2.png" ,News World India
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/57073.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5NmE0NWRhNC05NWUzLTRmYzUtOTEyOC1lM2E3MDMxNTdkMmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.249cQzqjEjN70L960xhFP41FMXD8gyvXhRy9gQ4EVys|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="931" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-v1/imageContent-64523-krkg6p88-m1.png" ,Green Chillies TV
https://tataskylinearkv10.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/live/GreenChillies_Playout-Main/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YzBlMjlhMi1mY2YxLTQxYzYtODdhMi04ODM4MWJlOWRlZDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zSvj9NutuuFcLWebWeBrmznNrdOZ8Cvi440-BmtFMjg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="911" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-v2/imageContent-62610-koxujv2g-m3.png" ,Santwani
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1316/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000280&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MGViOGFhOC1kNTFiLTRiM2YtYmUzNy00ZDgzY2QzMmYwODkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4iK5VOr5o0OfoBTN8EUe77gHTZd05vDCqmSV3QbJSu0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="266" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-v1/imageContent-17564-jclrk6pk-m1.png" ,10 TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_433/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000224&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmYmQ0MzU2My1hNTZiLTQxZTYtYWZhMi01NDdkZmFiOGU5ZTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.paNkAIwXCD0XiuJ_tUM-85a3Fcseo4nu_xQqZlN9hps|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="209" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-v1/imageContent-849-j5m9tmf4-m1.png" ,News 24
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145150.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000247&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0ZTY5NjZkNS00N2NmLTRlODUtOWFmYi1mNTk5MDMwYTYzYjMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.EfaUaLtkANUjYoqGridz0XeguCWxTUcJ6s2i0aMIlcI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="233" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-v2/imageContent-1014-j5ngcjug-m2.png" ,Jai Maharashtra
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_329/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000631&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjOTAwZTMwZC00Mzc5LTQ5MzEtOTBjMS1mMTc0ZjgxYjM3YjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OOEs_Yq9TxpXXOND8hsnWliVYeQFRIMWzysztbxjQu4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="605" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-v1/imageContent-12234-j9qoqc54-m1.png" ,National Geographic HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/32487.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000854&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3OTE0YTJkNi01MGM1LTQxNDktOWQ0Ny0xYzBiYTBhYzYzMTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.AV2cHej-mWG0Ac7TbR2YcZcwE6NrKZII7YUFprflYaQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="775" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-v6/imageContent-11408-j9jqmlvs-m4.png" ,DIVYA
https://delta47tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/822.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000548&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1M2UzNzhmNy0xOGNlLTQwZjAtYTQxNC1lZDNlM2VkMjY2ZWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qGMcBPEFPJT8tUPMhjzry43-nMpT85suK1g6CBPEuGg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="512" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-v1/imageContent-11981-j9lunvjs-m1.png" ,Zee Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000480&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NDRhNTA0ZS0zOTNiLTQwYWItOWNkNS05NGVkZWNhZWMzNTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.X_BATy0Ja47H7u552vzuLif37RIqWLJlaAPs5bwdfcs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="457" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11772-j9kwsqns-v1/imageContent-11772-j9kwsqns-m1.png" ,Shalom TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2227018.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000246&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMjI0NjVmMi02MmE0LTQ4NTQtYTZmMi0xNjdkN2IyYWZiZDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lJqNIavmg2-IlxbsDdKiMhaYhbdd2ISso7f3Alad_do|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="232" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-v1/imageContent-1011-j5ng33kg-m1.png" ,News18 Punjab Haryana Himachal
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2100234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000310&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3OTk0YjM3MS0yNDNkLTQ1ZjItYWRiNy1lYjEzODUzZmUxNDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ai4XGMnMbiJWI_5UhOS9Ksqic-KnLrxl9oNrNLCv__w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="298" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11260-j9j1r154-v1/imageContent-11260-j9j1r154-m1.png" ,Baby TV HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5137035.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000052&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNWU4YjIxMi03ZDk2LTQ4YTMtYWZhYS1hZWVmOTczOGVlODgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Lv0gcZPfDXPn9ctwU2K_a2x3NtlA-xzrfR2mC0RfTaA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="51" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-158-j5frd560-v2/imageContent-158-j5frd560-m3.png" ,Dangal
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2100163.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000451&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMzYyYzdhZC1mOTYzLTRlOWMtYjc2Mi1jMzAxOWIwYjRiOTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4tQvlMi7CJr6f6RdLSwNwwtv4z97vPhaKJ98wqkAMUw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="427" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11685-j9kipky0-v1/imageContent-11685-j9kipky0-m2.png" ,Raj Musix Kannada
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326419.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000499&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlYzNiOTE0Ni1kNzYwLTQ4MjgtODgzNC02N2Q4MWJlNjU0M2MiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._xPSs6tJ1Jz4PaaoZ6HSuoyysrWEIWn5-YpNr94YwYo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="475" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-v1/imageContent-11831-j9kzkn40-m1.png" ,Sudarshan News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642982.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000643&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmYjkwOGY2ZC1lNjQ0LTQ4NDUtOGY0Yi00YzdkYmUwMTEzM2YiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2x7Alf9X0vqArLSK3CogQ9fpYtPvHg-VYOg2sR22X_c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="619" group-title="Shopping" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-v3/imageContent-12285-ja1e8580-m3.png" ,Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_647/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000367&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4YTM5NWI4YS03NzU2LTQyMDEtOGJhZC1lMWEwZGQ2YzU4NWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TI4RilAPvL1qB0tY07E40xUQIuUlOAfQibDBUlG9FrQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="353" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-v1/imageContent-11411-j9jqocds-m1.png" ,DY 365
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2115400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000126&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmYjdhNTM0Mi1lMWNjLTQyYjAtOTI5OC01ZDcxOGFmNTQ4ZDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lcZPj7Vi0DNG8OXmsO6r9BKRUfuQtUDEvg0Fgn_qOBQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="119" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-v1/imageContent-24724-jgvwokqw-m1.png" ,Discovery Kids
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/19335.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYTkwYmEyYS1hYTY5LTRkZGQtYmM5ZC00YzFjOGRhNmYxMTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.b5crNkvbohHGXCH__0M-yXeVqNfRKRdDncL6N6sp6Gw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="55" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-v1/imageContent-157-j5frd4e8-m1.png" ,Travelxp
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_366/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000894&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMGY2NDQ1Yy1mZGU4LTRkMTMtYTFkNC05ZWIyNjBhNTViNTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QS-rMgQhHfszGeagjNIASe6WV06Fd7AB6jiW7fMT6I0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="807" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-v1/imageContent-49633-k6lny7mw-m1.png" ,In Goa 24x7
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/279.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000179&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0OWQ3YzAwMi1mZDY4LTRiMzQtOTA3Ni1lOWQxZWUzYWVkYmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2bdJkdnabQ1cP8a3rJaYq4OHeD90BXTjT8DWHdlzgPY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="161" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-7906-j7684flk-v1/imageContent-7906-j7684flk-m1.png" ,Channel WIN
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_354/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3ZjRhZWZjOS01YjkwLTQ5MWItYjJlNi1mZjFhYzZjNzUzNDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LWr7z2OVQMyxqTEHbpDfjAHIFZH5VC9RQ4et-LPAvSk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="93" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-294-j5ji8n08-v1/imageContent-294-j5ji8n08-m1.png" ,NDTV Profit Prime
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2220352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001036&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZDI3MTNmOS05MzE3LTQyNzMtYmM0My0zMTg3YTkzODdmMzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3qj0k31NjWUV7A_WphVfTDbdfFfcDWX1uIkISca3Otg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="888" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60986-klq1vs5s-v2/imageContent-60986-klq1vs5s-m5.png" ,Ishara
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1300/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3OGMwZTlmMS00ODA3LTQ2NGUtOGQ0NS02ZTNhODE2ZDdkMWUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.46ITa1400B2MQeLbabyOX1s1jGyBOpkmX7NJGNgLvOg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="88" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6904-j6vreaps-v1/imageContent-6904-j6vreaps-m1.png" ,ET NOW
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/184.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000129&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YWZhZTI5Mi0wOGE3LTQzMmItODBkOS03MjE3ZjY0NDYxYzIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-2UpgZSU7x4lf6Oq2n5JWzIPGsIOJPJRW6qO1AfXp1M|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="121" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-405-j5jr3sz4-v1/imageContent-405-j5jr3sz4-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Fitness
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/3124933.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmMTc2ODAzNC1kNWVkLTQxYjYtOGQ4Ny1lMmNlNmQ5NTM1YjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OLYzTAyk_5YL2bwMCuk8v_5pgDlkmN1Qq5HSlnnU-bM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="6" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-15-j5f97j2o-v4/imageContent-15-j5f97j2o-m3.png" ,News18 Gujarati
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/77.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000655&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MDFlOWRjZi0xMDhlLTRiZTEtYWE1OC0wOGVhYjFiYTE1YWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.aGSXZedRVBGgVIKi7XLIwAtUib7jY-HgI7J_E8ZLx9U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="630" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-v2/imageContent-18536-jct505dc-m2.png" ,Hindu Dharmam
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/151.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000135&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0ZjgwY2UyYy1mMWYyLTRiNjgtOTAyZS0wN2M5OWYyZDQ4OWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LsdCUFjN5PhN1W6OKQ3Tk2J6yVaJXQh1XvpTWMCuf3U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="127" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8018-j7a7n1a8-v1/imageContent-8018-j7a7n1a8-m1.png" ,Sonic Nickelodeon
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_169/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000788&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5NDJlNTAzMS1kYzViLTQwNjQtOTRjYS05NjMzNTg4YjA1NDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.brN5rOCnDa8_P-TI3iiH0LLV1ZtV0AGTGFySHSW1M6Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="729" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-v1/imageContent-43109-jxzlyrjc-m1.png" ,B4U Bhojpuri
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_959/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000388&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwMDkzODJjZS0wNTEzLTRlMTQtYWIyMi0yY2M5YTllMjk0MTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ifRXZhYqT9GAjG3H6xeX00orGZwQulwNi71qcXB8lCc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="594" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-v1/imageContent-12196-j9q3ez54-m1.png" ,Ishwar TV
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3161401.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000198&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MzhiOTIzMS0xYWNiLTQxMzYtOTVlMS0yNDFmZjMzZDczMDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-hj6CC6u4YNbNdcxh5nVWoJ1-7WyOzh9PoQE47SqF8o|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="182" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-771-j5m3ayw0-v3/imageContent-771-j5m3ayw0-m3.png" ,Cinema TV India
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/1333398.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000547&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyN2U4MzNjOC00YTQxLTQ1ZjUtYjdkZS1iZDVhMzU3YzQ2NjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Skp4_qoohFxbUAAmfsd8nOHx-bNDoWlIEFOP1LRtwSc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="514" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-v1/imageContent-11978-j9lum7d4-m1.png" ,Zee Hindustan
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2973727.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000145&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiODBhMjk5Yy03ODFjLTQ0MGMtYWFiMC0zMWZlNmRlNzJiZDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7hra6N-B1thfPm7rUy3NgdVT4ZoemNmfXXiq153R1LM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="135" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-v2/imageContent-453-j5jtup5s-m2.png" ,TLC
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_127/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000252&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNzliNWNhZi1iNjhjLTRhODAtOGU5ZC1hMTVkODJlNmY1OTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.PndLloN1jRSIA8BEgsR_7S2vaSljwe4Tb-fDaUewLTY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="238" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11161-j99h67u8-v1/imageContent-11161-j99h67u8-m1.png" ,Cartoon Network
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_405/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000985&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2OTkwMjQwNS03ZDQ4LTQ0MGYtYjhkOC1jNmEzMGFmMzUyMjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CNn92kfTgNSk79zzxCzZ94Wl8KfeUaaJzeL1LeV6Z-o|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="849" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-v1/imageContent-56496-kfgytl14-m1.png" ,Kashi Vishwanath Temple, Varanasi
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/3700957.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000288&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZjU5NmRmMC01NzVhLTQ3NmEtYjk1MS0zYjA3OTdhMWI4YTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.N-EPo8w7AKXvPyvIr_6zTE4itjyCX4RHFwTsVtwD2Jk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="274" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-v1/imageContent-11194-j9i4cz80-m1.png" ,V6 News
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811107.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000220&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNTg2ZjY5Zi0wNjlkLTRmOTgtYjJiNC1kYTMzMDIyNTZjMjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.PLYf7YeY3GvFNT61i26WxSuW-LQ-KGkrfEkUPpSJWAo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="203" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23266-jez523so-v1/imageContent-23266-jez523so-m2.png" ,News18 Madhya Pradesh Chhattisgarh
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625164.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000732&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMWNkNzU4OS0yZjJjLTQ1NTEtODA3Zi02OTJhOTFlODQ2Y2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Opcf3h254XvhxeYylKfyX7chUpdaVM7nPFsE-bS3npQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="689" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-v1/imageContent-34652-jpmey8gw-m1.png" ,Aaj Tak HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_930/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000412&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkNDFiNWMwYy02NjVhLTRiNjItYWJmMy0zMGFhOTM1MjYwN2YiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.jtK7LFM7362yFeAslWpRfBoBeVHc0rYFTZ3XeNEjZhc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="391" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-v1/imageContent-11566-j9jv2rbc-m1.png" ,MalaiMurasu Seithigal
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631012.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000162&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNzUxM2QzNi0xNWJhLTQ5ZTEtYTZkZC1lYWY2ZDgzMzI3YjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.KZqlFEPuKKHZVyQoAeXoBhmHHZH6tZlSskHUl8kun9U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="148" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-v1/imageContent-499-j5jydp7s-m1.png" ,&pictures
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569786.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNGNhYTlkZC1mNDM1LTQxZDktYmE3Zi04OTdkYjU3ODFlNGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.68qaawoYBR262b7Sqm-r4X7ROqz5CuRN41mmqT5AR5Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="90" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-303-j5ji8zco-v3/imageContent-303-j5ji8zco-m3.png" ,TIMES NOW
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4140.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001094&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNDdiOWJmOS0xNTc2LTQwNWItOGE1Zi05N2RlZTUxMTNhNDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.RXyeEr0tIdSWkh6khNDAxztdgVPkZ9UdjzIvvjpzgnQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="943" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65443-kty2tkwo-v1/imageContent-65443-kty2tkwo-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Videshi Kahaniyan
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1774/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000048&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwMmM5OTI0Zi0wMmMyLTQ1MDgtODkyMS0xNWI0ZTMyNjZiNDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wZr8sYeRrpVkFh7RI_dwjElC97bLQWVsXg_e6_KsdBg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="49" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-v1/imageContent-145-j5fpfoe8-m1.png" ,T News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2640605.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000207&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZmZkNzliYS1mNzU0LTRmNmMtYjRmMi04NWQ4NzM1N2UwY2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.jdDMKuO6Ic5SqBIjMGHZCdokvMlT9AJHP50D0V-4j34|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="194" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-v3/imageContent-798-j5m7esnc-m10.png" ,Enterr10 Movies
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2630915.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000204&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZDdhMTEzYy0yMjA3LTRiYWYtOGIwZS1mZGFkNjFhMDBjYjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.a_NN0rYKZCER8Y7hrS3jLqoj1ednvpCPxj9j6onF7ok|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="190" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-789-j5m5m0uw-v1/imageContent-789-j5m5m0uw-m1.png" ,Al Jazeera
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3524004.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000282&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ODY3MWQ2MC00ZTI2LTRiN2EtYWRlMy0zYmRmNzM1OWY3OWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ti2LYBsbfHjSJ8lCHwzd9XXJBG77bGWIpNT_S8fZ588|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="269" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11176-j9i3lv54-v2/imageContent-11176-j9i3lv54-m2.png" ,Goodness
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_555/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000208&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYTgyNmFhZC0zMzUxLTQ1NTItYWVlZS0wZjNhYmQ4YzM4YTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LcHmKH1ol9zzyIBAXz93mu7u281s7tKFonn0Mp2fHLs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="192" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-v2/imageContent-801-j5m7jg34-m2.png" ,Fakt Marathi
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3117480.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000613&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNWQ5ZjM5MC1iMDgyLTRiMWItYjY2Ny0yNzI3YWE3ODkwYjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wTC672G-vI4r6vUACw0n7L_Yk7u3YL0edvmfoS2ziWc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="586" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-v1/imageContent-12167-j9phnio0-m1.png" ,Sandesh News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000993&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMGM0MTZiOC0yNGQwLTQ5YWQtYjgyNC0yNDA0ZGQ2MWE0MmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ALR6PrdbkzFsaR9_YVTDgT3XPyI4JSdZnRzEI2netAw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="855" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-v2/imageContent-57234-kg1or674-m3.png" ,Vidya
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1137/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000523&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiOTBkOWMzNC1lYmQzLTQwNTEtOTJiYS0yZTM1ZTRjMTNmNTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qt2rscMYxQAvFujO_I72ZQb6I7_rcgAm6xO3mv6bq80|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="499" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-v1/imageContent-11900-j9l4vygg-m1.png" ,Vasanth TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/2458442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000510&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NTVmMjAyNS1mNzY3LTRhODEtYmVkNC1jYjBiZjE1YTIxMGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Ok41n9QQvB0Fk9uW3wMl-U3rLeMPxzIZyj6V3PzkWnU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="485" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-v2/imageContent-11859-j9l2n36w-m2.png" ,TOTAL TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_785/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000006&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMjAxMTRmNy01NWYxLTQwNTYtOGU2ZC1kZWY3NTkzNjIzMDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.uoeYDcukxLKcCbPp7c4dTji0YUOJGV9j14w51uBh9Qw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="7" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-v1/imageContent-18-j5f9ui8g-m1.png" ,B4U Movies
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2985036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000022&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwY2RhMGY4YS01Y2E3LTQ5NTktYjliMC05NGM5OTgxY2IyZWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.K90dLl_bOpDre2kqeQpplQ2XZhDCSVmcOGANQOvaQoE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="21" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-v1/imageContent-66-j5ff8qio-m1.png" ,News 7 Tamil
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3339619.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000853&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwODljNjc2MC0yNmNkLTRkZTgtOTBlMS03NjEwYWI0MzlkYzYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dkKv0vgYevc8xJ7-RWJZcQ9W1qi-dkKpz5V3AZZAkuo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="772" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47224-k1uh5c4g-v1/imageContent-47224-k1uh5c4g-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Gujarati Cinema
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817752.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000049&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxMjU3YTdmMC1iZjBhLTQ5ZjktYjkwYS1jNzYwZDhiMDNmOWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UB9XezEE61PT7NQJGNgTKEXB0bxm9BKL0-y8H27BXL8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="50" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-146-j5fpfs94-v1/imageContent-146-j5fpfs94-m1.png" ,Tarang Music
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2640585.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000276&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZGZlNWI2YS1kYTg3LTQwNzctOTllZi1lZGNiNTAwNDQ1MjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MJDJYO1fOu5CkD_tVQcC3JzDZZAjBwEs29zhK7wRnIQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="262" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35649-jrz9mhq0-v1/imageContent-35649-jrz9mhq0-m1.PNG" ,Zee Odisha
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903716.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000191&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxZjJjZmY4ZS1jMTY1LTQzYjMtOTZiZi02YmExZTc4YzJiMDciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dYJHTqtjU1zbIqPc-UkwLkVI3cgX0L8ITm2HMtvySbc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="173" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-748-j5l5fnts-v1/imageContent-748-j5l5fnts-m1.png" ,Movies Now
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_235/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000714&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxOTA4MmE3Zi0zZTdjLTQ1MjEtODNjYi02N2JiZjc4NmQ1ZmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4HTcBWvbcnqB3Faczwv8DYRJAWuOmPTls5D7GEkr2v8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="675" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33827-jo5kcr1c-v4/imageContent-33827-jo5kcr1c-m5.png" ,Zee Kannada HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_917/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000994&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyYzI4ZTM1MS0yMzRkLTQ2MDAtYmMyZS1kYTQzNDllM2ZlMzIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.HGFIq0GH6hjwUWTA16KSd_PIYDPNBgKbkYdOS3LWkdg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="856" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-v2/imageContent-57237-kg1pr3eo-m2.png" ,Nipuna
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1138/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001090&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZDQxYjZkNi05NTRhLTRlNDMtOTRiOC0yMTRjMTMxZTllYTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.nYkuuqJrwb4oDKLDYpTosm7h-rW4RcyqTcFoIwNGsI4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="941" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65187-ktahwr3c-v1/imageContent-65187-ktahwr3c-m1.png" ,Azaad
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1772/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000410&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MWNlNjMwYS03MWQ1LTQ3YjItYWJjMC0zZDg4NzA3NDFmNDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hQG_EGGsh-D1cQSqPMOgQwp4i3EllWkMWBSWm0XFmgE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="390" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-v1/imageContent-11562-j9juzmns-m1.png" ,Madha TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811115.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000727&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMGQ2ZjM3My1lNDQxLTQ1ZGEtYjY1NS02NWM2MTM5Y2U4NzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MpeA12ngPYVSc3UhXzj0fRiEYWAB-WbQ4WO2Wu0DuQE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="684" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9003-j7rlh2aw-v2/imageContent-9003-j7rlh2aw-m2.png" ,Zee Keralam
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2643036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000305&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3ZDVkMzZhYS1mNzJlLTQ2YTQtYWQ3Ni03NTQ2OGExMzFkMDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.HNdzFCpB6Vkn4fnn3BKtGkk4rViYq3Z05Losrldivs0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="291" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-v2/imageContent-11243-j9itj54w-m2.png" ,Bharat Samachar
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5402804.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000311&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxZjY4YzA3Zi1lYWY3LTQ4OTMtOWQyZi1lMmRiNjI2ZjJmNGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Wa4O5dOFnq5DYu3zX1yEfM3Cdwj2rwqbGUnzstuIr_U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="296" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11263-j9j1tch4-v1/imageContent-11263-j9j1tch4-m1.png" ,Bflix Movies
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492508.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000398&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNjU3MmQwMi1iMmI1LTRjMGYtYjUyYy04MzY0MTg2YmE0ZDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.R4XWaGQX0m7MF1JBldRf9Mc0BBlZSa70rzmAbaCqquo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="378" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11524-j9jtu07c-v2/imageContent-11524-j9jtu07c-m2.png" ,Kaumudy TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_595/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000581&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3ZTkwN2VhMy03MmZkLTQ4YzgtYTc2MC1mZmM4YTJkZGZiNTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zBblnJVkNyj1Q1xrqpPTqRNCAxfC-51Yr8rTNgQZqRQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="551" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12060-j9o91vfc-v2/imageContent-12060-j9o91vfc-m2.png" ,STAR Utsav
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4101.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000901&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMzExYmEyZi0wZDAxLTQ4MDItYTZiNC0wN2YzZTQxZjYwYzYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.6_ZGcKO50fgWv95hxvSwm0cQxmCWEuaa7d2l_JZF43c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="810" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-v2/imageContent-52310-k7bd8ixk-m4.png" ,Zee Picchar
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2721311.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000227&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhZWFiZjdmZi0zNDQyLTQxNjctOWE1Ny0xMzI0OWRiNTEzZDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.AIoDyH4O4FwMykGgvJnh0FQLplZt4sDFWG9DFWMb9Ls|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="212" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-v2/imageContent-858-j5ma94ag-m2.png" ,Sansad TV HD
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2881402.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNTE5ZmM4MS1hMGIzLTQ2NGEtOTY4Yi01ZGFlYjc1NDc5MjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUyLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUyLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ACQa_XPNSI7jV5eoqTVkGE03KR1K7X9xRW76S-KqYaQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="87" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-v1/imageContent-279-j5jcwqts-m2.png" ,Manorama News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3117328.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000342&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhOGM2NzAyNy00MWM2LTQ3ZjMtOTA4OC0wNTAwODAxZjNiYTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hNFe5defe5200bL8buABWUxNGbvhGSUB943msbF27Gk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="324" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-v1/imageContent-11344-j9jpg7nc-m1.png" ,DD India
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000239&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMWZhY2FjYS1kY2FjLTRmNTItYTk4My05NTAzZDJmMjQ5NTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zw9odR__VMc7hNrwZarA5uRb7zOU1w27O_LoELqWsyU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="226" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-v1/imageContent-956-j5mipkxs-m1.png" ,NEWS LIVE
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000654&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4YWNmM2QyMS0wMWIyLTQyNGItYmQ5Ni1lYTQxOGUyN2EyMzYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.N8mgAwOV4Wz-TLk_TZoQfZwze6Zn-GehUoaAJAYV2JY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="629" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-v1/imageContent-19066-jczvvocg-m1.png" ,TV5 Kannada
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3114960.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000260&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkNjgzMDNmNy04YTAwLTRkMTYtOWVkNC1iNTA2ZTcxYzMyODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ZeqdSjkqWl2H_d-e3Y0JcpbbpwnvzFvr82W_0VGkGhQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="246" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-7891-j75vq7k0-v1/imageContent-7891-j75vq7k0-m1.PNG" ,Star Sports Select 1 HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000136&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkOTY3YzQzMy0yMzU2LTQ4MGItOTY3MC01Y2JjZWFiN2YxM2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.twF5xIPhoN7dQLbsnt1UR8Wnc9W-_JEJd_HwvN4mYxY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="128" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-426-j5jsm1wo-v1/imageContent-426-j5jsm1wo-m1.png" ,ETV Cinema
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696523.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000532&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjOTkzNjdiOS0xMTlkLTQ0ZWMtODc2ZC1jMDEzNmU3MDk2NGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tUMns1LgYUAxNL1oIvrFMTXD-EnwHe1n4boNhCrmO1c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="502" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11927-j9l5h5ko-v2/imageContent-11927-j9l5h5ko-m2.png" ,Zee Cafe HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_835/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MTNmNzg5NC1jYjYzLTRkNGQtOTZkZC03NmQ3MTE1NDc5NmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.U5F1pJx3RFO3yXY5OI2kteLrwqlGwC5YitrkF9lSDWA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="75" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-237-j5fxi6q8-v1/imageContent-237-j5fxi6q8-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Acting Adda
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284272.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001098&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1YjE4MGUxZS00YWI5LTQwNDctYmFkNS0zOGZkNmRhYTE4NDciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.r09xTrT7tvNhZ16F0TI_u0UNqYoiFe7en8SiwVI65D0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="947" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-v2/imageContent-65977-ku6g2hko-m2.png" ,Live Patna Sahib Patna
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/496.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000518&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZDg2YmM0YS1jZmM5LTQ4ZWYtOWU3Ny1lNGY4ZmQ5NjQ1MmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.fYcAQRlmXYC4sqw88vMAOUq9HZGEsSlgguTO-RjDDYI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="492" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11883-j9l3rjzc-v1/imageContent-11883-j9l3rjzc-m1.png" ,Udaya TV HD
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/38.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000948&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMTgwOTk5MS04N2M0LTRmNDAtYTc2MC0zNjNhZGE1Y2RjMDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UpiR-QuvaOSdJGau4aXkKtj57CbnVcXU1Wr8q5_mNdg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="827" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-v1/imageContent-55124-kd89b0f4-m4.png" ,Sadhna Plus News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1124/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000297&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MzRlYzRjNC1mODcxLTRmZWYtOWNjNy00OGE2OWMwYTZiOWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OuFhDWfXVq9dTknD3_Buqq5CYti7naYUdjHSq1uNBSI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="287" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-v1/imageContent-44915-jzuyh3w0-m1.png" ,Animal Planet HD World
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2626161.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001099&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2NTMyNDhlMC0zOTFiLTRlNTMtOWNiOS1iNWY5Y2E5NDdjYmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BeJppA5RpVH5IvTmytCvcRQ__prLeinzcAYxuRoz3ig|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="948" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-v2/imageContent-65980-ku6g9jfk-m2.png" ,Live Naina Devi Himachal Pradesh
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/507.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000031&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNTdjMjE5Mi04NjVmLTQ1NTYtOWYyMC01N2VhOWJmZDEwOTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.JSseM-sCEVoHoNrUHqCUeQGJXZqy0gxnEBhIyAW29bM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="32" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-93-j5fjv614-v2/imageContent-93-j5fjv614-m2.png" ,SONY PIX HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_301/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000447&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ZWNkNWVkZi0xNzY0LTQzNzktOWM1MC04MjIwZDM5ZmU4ZTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.U_qe5OU_OL1gbJgV2oe7AR_yrObIIaD5DCdMpZv3CqY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="423" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-v1/imageContent-11673-j9kfe73s-m1.png" ,Prag News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817627.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000915&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NTVlM2ZlNy1iNGE4LTQ2ODgtODgxMy01N2IxZDY5MTVkOTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.KHraQJxGvDgku7821NMTRiGGJP7oWeNjWrcAwCk_QiQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="816" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52868-k9af4lxs-v1/imageContent-52868-k9af4lxs-m1.png" ,CBeeBies
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/3133132.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001083&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlYjBmMGQ4Yy01MTdiLTQ2M2YtYjU4MC0wNWIyNTliMjYxZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3Bd1ByUhSBC32nk9cqRluQQmnl_IHek3_PYiqgoYZY8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="932" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-v1/imageContent-64606-krslbshs-m2.png" ,Times Now Navbharat HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/793883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000598&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MjkxZTY1OS05MTgzLTRjNzAtOTliMC03MGRlMDI2Nzc5ZmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OUHZvKlWn2LSFv0AI1NS9pUfWaCOXK3QD6sh_wXt-WY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="568" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12107-j9ooxqm8-v1/imageContent-12107-j9ooxqm8-m1.png" ,Prarthana TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2118952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000251&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNjIxNTFkNy1kNTIwLTQ5MGMtYTRjOC0xZWIzYzkxMjI3NDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._1dI2bCNq6uWI3HrkbvJ-W-qHwwqlN25LTyPisXxVJs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="237" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1026-j5njmv3s-v1/imageContent-1026-j5njmv3s-m1.png" ,Tarang TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2109372.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000370&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZDI1NGE2Ny03NDE0LTRlODItYjI1Ni00NzFiMzIxNzA1MDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.RbEL-kZV3A4AKPgVlld53X4jCQuJwSnYCKHyC0cjAww|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="359" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11418-j9jqpvxs-v1/imageContent-11418-j9jqpvxs-m1.png" ,ETV HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638465.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000415&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ZWU0YjU2Mi04Yjc0LTQ2MTItYmVkNS00MmM2ZTA4NWE3MWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzUzLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzUzLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.uCW_CGzPJSNaOqNfAEj1cqGMpmoYAO2Wg7msGQBGQUo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="395" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-v1/imageContent-11577-j9jv8mqg-m1.png" ,Mazhavil Manorama HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/81.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000465&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZmQ3OTFiOS0zY2RlLTRhZDgtYTY2YS1kMzJmNzQ2MDM3MzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.mQUXBO5z_VZDRwKpsRuv7wai64mcHZpqH70Pi_yTbQI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="446" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-v3/imageContent-11725-j9kw030w-m3.png" ,Paras TV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4594258.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000185&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhN2I1ZjQ2ZC0xOWM2LTQyZTUtYjUyZi0yOGQxZmQ5N2NmNzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.i8maCYoTLRxG7SihoTFsK9WQGxkg3EIqs_xZFhsxCos|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="167" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-703-j5l1wgco-v1/imageContent-703-j5l1wgco-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Vedic Maths
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449417.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5ZmNhZTIxNS01Y2YxLTQ2YjYtOGFlMi04MDlhMjUzMjIyYjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.j5LRb5EEg_dXYdnzGAFT4ai9Y8SMNV1U8IRpA-Z6KBU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="883" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-v1/imageContent-60933-kljn4c9c-m1.png" ,Swar Shree
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000383&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiY2JmMzlkMy1mYTE3LTQzMWQtOWNlOC04ZGE3ZDE2M2M0M2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.v9BjvR2uVsIURjLVUJa8rCE6Qd7XJWN0myzkFqp58tU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="349" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-v1/imageContent-11470-j9jr4uio-m1.png" ,HM TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2044287.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000729&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZDQ1ODk3My1lZmFlLTQwYzgtYjg2Ny1hOTc0ZTc4YTYyZDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MWSSMItoeYel8UUiT2gqbp19MWouDbLRlu6jlAbF8SU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="687" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-v2/imageContent-34519-jp9bwiug-m5.png" ,A1 TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_927/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000328&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMzYyMGI2MS0wYWRlLTQ1YTEtYTllNC0zN2Q1NWYxMWE1MDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qmh1MbDhKuaCw2O0ZK468YYJ0Nz_g7vI6t2TT_Y0J4Y|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="314" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-v1/imageContent-11314-j9j8kcxk-m1.png" ,DD Bangla
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/4450742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000368&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1YmEzOGYwNy1kYmViLTQzYmItYmFmMC1kZTVjNmUyM2JhZjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.DtwFmT89cQGXZmZFvvQpZv3es9zYdUwb1UH71onp-Ew|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="354" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-v2/imageContent-11426-j9jqror4-m3.png" ,News18 Urdu
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/148.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000391&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0OWZjMGVlNC00MmU2LTQ3MTktODY0NS02N2E3ZTJjN2YyOWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.uGLBxAOHxy6lzrUZ-qMdohs26aFg0jyuqnwpmcBc12w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="371" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-v3/imageContent-11502-j9jtlmi8-m4.png" ,Janta TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_585/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000262&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MmYyYmRjZC01ZmE2LTRmODUtYTExMC04YTE4NjdiY2NhOTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.yVVTRb8YoZAw5PGehAbFf1BoOzOQfLZ76Xv55Tthvqg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="248" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11136-j96p4r28-v1/imageContent-11136-j96p4r28-m1.png" ,Zee YUVA
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903671.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000014&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNTIwZTRjZi04NTM4LTQyMjItODNhYS01OGQ4NDc2ZmFlMGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OmHd7tQssI-0q7ujyrGVkLj1rUQQakdTns4SrbIPSAo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="14" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-v1/imageContent-9012-j7ssufeo-m1.png" ,India News Rajasthan
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/4111593.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0ZWJhMzQ1ZC02ZTEyLTRjNGUtOTcxNS04MmQ0YjljNDY1YTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zYe4VMHZVw1Sl5MVC9ETwutwif5jndohkGE7Mo4EElo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="96" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24696-jgrq09a8-v1/imageContent-24696-jgrq09a8-m1.png" ,Zoom
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240979.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMGY4NDkxMS02MTc5LTRmMjctYTczZi1lOTU4Njk1ZDYyNzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.R5VvPQd2Y_iN8HyLXw2g6EzIMbc0r5QJBZUv-Q61xyE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="102" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-v2/imageContent-321-j5jl5g5k-m2.png" ,ABP Ananda
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2108737.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000539&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxOWFmNTY3NC1kMDZhLTQwMzItYTFiYS1iYzQ0NDAzZmEwMzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ypBGENDHxzo4RCLah7HPMP59wjdZpYY8OQs7nbwYUW8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="510" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11948-j9ltrfc8-v1/imageContent-11948-j9ltrfc8-m1.png" ,Raj News Kannada
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3260084.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMjVhMmQ3Mi04NTE1LTQ2YjYtYjczMy1mNmJlMTdjNDEyYjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TjbhZqQ4mBzQEf1NW_SNwn3iTrIwtS07aSrhtTN2-gQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="106" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-v1/imageContent-339-j5jm6kko-m1.png" ,News18 India
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/4326688.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000604&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlM2RiNjViYy0yNDJkLTQ5OTgtYTMyNy1mZmFjMTAxZWEzZjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.T7ZPxuFfLsu5_nKIimYaBgm2h7oZ84wMxEBOdZ7tvmY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="576" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12137-j9p7pmeo-v2/imageContent-12137-j9p7pmeo-m2.png" ,Media One
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3296203.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000317&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2NThjMmZhNy03NzBjLTRmZWYtOWQwMy00MGM3ZTMzYWUxNzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bRqbzxQtXUEpNN9ywme-2bbLxP1iHfNgwaGiu9UlyFE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="303" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11281-j9j4lf3k-v1/imageContent-11281-j9j4lf3k-m1.png" ,CNBC Bajaar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727660.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MTdkY2Y2Yy1hZjc5LTQxMjUtOGE5NS03NGI1YWEzODUzYjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.5XwIJLW4Hfjagi99MLlHSKMYfCkgwvhq6CrLuUXST_Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="23" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-v2/imageContent-22186-jenuxy6g-m5.png" ,News18 Bangla
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3141844.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000709&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MWQ4YjQ1ZC01NTJkLTRlMGMtODEwNC1hYWJjMTIyOGNjYjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.akplDx1Q9whOaQspX9XOefb5atJWLdq3KEzA6Z_tz1g|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="669" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-32183-jncpr4sw-v2/imageContent-32183-jncpr4sw-m2.png" ,India Ahead
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_913/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000277&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMGJiYTNkYi1mMGExLTQwZjMtODNkZC02NTBjNGI3ODBlNmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.8X1IYZIvhtUuv8nV_qAXdQ9q0gGor1i5MqVYQwSOAl4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="245" group-title="HINDI MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9820-j85ijtd4-v1/imageContent-9820-j85ijtd4-m1.png" ,STAR GOLD HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5771663.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001060&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZjY5MmVhNC0yMjg2LTQ2ODktOTZjZC05NTVlNjE4NmZiZDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4tz7vrJVJ_p5SZx9GWZvxekpS1dHL3fDmyNf0VD0QJk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="909" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-v1/imageContent-62604-koxudetc-m1.png" ,Dainik Savera
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/429.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000357&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiMzljZTkwOC1mYzM4LTQ2ZjQtOThiYS0xZmVjYjI1MWE3MDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.sL_MCTYOACJ3URBLUPZUw5XufrlWjAWvJYcPZ97og_A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="339" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-v1/imageContent-11389-j9jq2ybk-m1.png" ,DD Uttar Pradesh
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2506888.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000119&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYzdhZDJlNS00YWJhLTQ2NGEtYmI3NS1mMjhlMzI2Mjc0ZmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TqIMuaLU_sfG4tYJSQ3VGNR5_b9-6jyF7mNLDq9uKMM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="114" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1356-j5tdnwmw-v1/imageContent-1356-j5tdnwmw-m1.png" ,Disney
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_166/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000128&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZWZmNzRmYi00MTc0LTRkODItOTAxOS1hYjYwNjhmYmQ2YWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.0UyJe0Pbyt8KZCPPbyXPyUB83SAl8etZZLK58xdDhH4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="120" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-402-j5jq1gko-v2/imageContent-402-j5jq1gko-m2.png" ,SONY MAX 2
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2974465.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000434&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxMjgzN2Y0My0xYWQzLTRlZDItYTI1Zi05MjVhNTM5OGUyYWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.yLEL42JPtoxAU1NEd6dJH43cNj4XKdaXHbpKJ3U7FW4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="414" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-v1/imageContent-11634-j9k0pbr4-m1.png" ,News 1 India
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_658/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000426&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1M2QzNzJiZS1kMzBmLTRjNjktYmUwNC05YmEzNGExYWU4ZmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xmixVNEcC2B4q7a8drmDsAy5ytXmg0YcyUXRZkW5C2w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="406" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-v1/imageContent-11610-j9jzore8-m1.png" ,MTV HD+
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2647692.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000169&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxMzEyZmMyMy0yM2RkLTRjODMtYjdiNi0xZDI0NjlmNTAxMTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.6fxo5clV_68rgWtaDfIQVMNq8w5jWUl8j1KBnCoCPao|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="152" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-v1/imageContent-531-j5kuelug-m1.png" ,TV9 Kannada
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145105.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000874&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmNjA0NzExYS1kMDQ4LTQzZTQtOTE2My1hY2ZiOTE3ZDY5MDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BTKfWyxKvo5eAwrqJvOOkYyKtjo4b3HuA_fFg2J7Y2Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="788" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-v1/imageContent-48494-k3zd1a80-m4.png" ,Enterr10 Bangla
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/449677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000907&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3YjY4N2YwNC1hMjFiLTQ0OWQtYTg5ZS1hMTE0MzgwNjVhZGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.FsSJlseShvdoQgH9CKx3dn9mlUn1AZotLSQa8MDz3D8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="812" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-v1/imageContent-52842-k980h8vc-m2.png" ,Eurosport HD
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5047611.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000407&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyYWRjYTU2Yi02ZWY1LTRmNGMtOWE4Yy0xMzI5N2RlZmExMDIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.gEqYN2jGdKrDIsd-VHMa4_6Jw1R1aVKYheE8nfZDYvY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="388" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11553-j9julvag-v3/imageContent-11553-j9julvag-m6.png" ,Star Maa Gold
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/92.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000544&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmOWE4NmJmZS02N2E4LTQyODktYjMzYy03NDU0YzAxMTI1ZTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dI6Nr3gEObMXyEmzcVZRGyqL0jGPB6Q49EiUYxp-1UI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="524" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11966-j9luich4-v1/imageContent-11966-j9luich4-m1.png" ,Thanthi TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000466&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMzQxZDQ1Zi1iZGU3LTRhMzgtYTZhNy1jNTY4ZTU2MDJjZDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wj6902E9YRV0DXwGE8If1piX6UdLlwdduJEaZXrXWeg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="449" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11728-j9kw1zp4-v1/imageContent-11728-j9kw1zp4-m1.png" ,Ramdhenu
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326400.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MDEwMTk4Yi0xMDhhLTQxMDEtYmNmOS02MDRlMjdhNjIxOWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.B9IZICZdv5-lAoNqpK0pGcAQbL2I8jDJglCnZ6Ykyx4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="953" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66564-kup0jo0w-v1/imageContent-66564-kup0jo0w-m3.png" ,Asianet Plus
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1060172.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001078&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4YWMwYzVkZS05NzljLTQ1NjYtYjE2NC0xZTBkNjAxNDA2OTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ldCFhs-qz4aj2xPiYwx_r47clFIeoU1kK8dSKQ3iK1M|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="928" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64066-kra2j2qo-v1/imageContent-64066-kra2j2qo-m1.png" ,Tata Sky NEET Prep
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/292.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5NGNjOWJlMS1iNmVlLTQyZTItOGI4NS01ZjBhYjljNjQzZGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.jkNgK9NSVomyH-yIw5GDIzuGMamLnSh42yzfrN1DiRI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="65" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-204-j5ftndtc-v1/imageContent-204-j5ftndtc-m1.png" ,TV5 Monde Asie
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696453.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000542&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNThlNjAxNi05Yjc3LTQ3OGYtOTE2My1iMzU4MmI5ZmNkMDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Jj7W0ppX151kg0YeBcSYoxGuJACOrIJD7_aGoxKzlkk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="521" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11960-j9lu9vow-v1/imageContent-11960-j9lu9vow-m1.png" ,Sun TV HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2643861.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000302&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmY2U1NWUzYS1lZWVjLTQ5YWYtYjJkYi1lMTRjYmIzNTcxYzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QuZPVCVNMnL22JIEACVicIrUKg_dOyFfnUQ8_irzKs0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="288" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11236-j9iev7qg-v1/imageContent-11236-j9iev7qg-m1.png" ,Arihant
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477128.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000405&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MzZlYjEzYy05NDRjLTQ3MmYtYjBhMi0yNThlZjNkZTUyNzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.aNlgt3ZvQ23VzMXu8AoZmqg0OCRYFiOVwmrRQrSotDM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="385" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11547-j9ju62m8-v3/imageContent-11547-j9ju62m8-m3.png" ,Sharnam TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_605/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000736&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjOTEyNGI5ZC03NDcwLTQ5OWUtYTE5YS1mMmZhNDI2NDI0MzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.rNvNiObRgYOJe8MYychdceuA0oKhkQ2EhuJFkWyeAag|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="692" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35306-jqxwmaeo-v1/imageContent-35306-jqxwmaeo-m2.png" ,Colors Gujarati Cinema
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496678.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000442&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YjRhNDBlMy0xNTEzLTQzYTMtYjljNC02ZjJhMGQyMTU0Y2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn0seyJlcGlkIjoiU3Vic2NyaXB0aW9uX0Jyb3dzZXJfU3RyZWFtaW5nIiwiYmlkIjoiMTAwMDAwMTQxMSJ9XSwiaXNzIjoiVFROIn0.bXr0pZc5NQs1sXCuSVkIcLUtLMpT_yUwc1o3SpBkkFQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="433" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-v1/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-m1.png" ,Nick HD+
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_663/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000369&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlYjU5YzFlMS03YWE5LTRmOGYtYTM0My1mYTQ3YWFlMDQ4ZDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xEIj0Tq7yMQQH5UppmfCf5YnUsNKqloWB-uKnN3Fp_U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="358" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11417-j9jqpcnc-v1/imageContent-11417-j9jqpcnc-m1.png" ,ETV Abhiruchi
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477133.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001087&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YTY5MTA3ZS0wN2ZjLTRkNTMtODIwZC02ZjhjMWQ1OGEwZDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.w_FIxrxblErve_X6hFR6T3ztNVVzq_xyeCk-Z9k3tOk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="935" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-v1/imageContent-65100-kspm2814-m2.png" ,Awakening
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000640&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYzczZmM0Ni00MDMzLTRiNWItODEyZS0xZmJlNzVmMjE1MWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Y8Mw9BIXrMoyKRV-NB4H1l1KcYebFCSFFapevjHO88A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="616" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-v2/imageContent-12267-j9qx2si0-m2.png" ,History TV18 HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/73.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000353&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNjlmOGQ1Ni1jYzU4LTRkNzItYWU1Yi0xNDMzOGFkZDQwZTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.FjAHgbnE2ap4x7KaHLNYxN2ZgwVU0-xk6Cjqy62ytoQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="332" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-v1/imageContent-11375-j9jpws3k-m1.png" ,DD Rajasthan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2627381.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000334&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMGZlYzlmYy01NDY1LTRlMGYtOTY1Yi1hNDc0OTJjNDQ0NjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4UjCY7WK32Zd9zNGgeFk62XRRAQ6lX7uBKhtesVWF0k|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="320" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11329-j9jot000-v2/imageContent-11329-j9jot000-m2.png" ,TV5 News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3367038.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000264&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NmFmMGZiNS0wZDRkLTQ1OTItYWE4MC02MmYwNWFiMDczOWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WbtMVUDnWb4evlDDCTpLy9qESSowobOSVjpxQowylug|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="250" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8845-j7ppmm28-v3/imageContent-8845-j7ppmm28-m7.png" ,Zee Telugu
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_415/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000155&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiZjY5ZDNkNS02MGY2LTQ0ODAtYTUwMC0zMmJiNmIyMzA0NjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.kjrSCWZnYE_pHMeCIVKecXoBaq0TUlulR-RtVadyUvo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="179" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-v1/imageContent-483-j5jx9x48-m1.png" ,NDTV India
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5400440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNjFhMzMzNi1lOWNmLTRlOGYtODA1ZC0wNmNmNzRlOTZkZDIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.uXD4IL6OfiLhum8KYK2Fc5v6RMXRIEEgCrn6cbSHXhw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="58" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-192-j5fsr3s0-v1/imageContent-192-j5fsr3s0-m1.png" ,News18 Tamil Nadu
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/2455053.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000082&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MzBjMWJiMC01ZDBhLTQxMzMtOTI0Mi01YTk4MTY0ODM1M2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.VPFPYetV6c8VBWHAt8EcjbEi6pugke3uj9Pk00d1C_4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="81" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-261-j5fz9bvk-v3/imageContent-261-j5fz9bvk-m3.png" ,SONY TEN 1 HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6381332.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000592&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MWQxZWEwNS0zOThkLTRkZjAtYjA2Mi0zZDA0MDBmOWIzZmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CPoruoULbRHflagVLH5jxsd49vANYeF6v44bLcXXQRs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="562" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12095-j9ooixfs-v1/imageContent-12095-j9ooixfs-m1.png" ,Movies Now HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484389.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000379&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3OGJlNjA4My0wNzMxLTRjZjUtYjhjNy1jMzJlYzY2MmIyY2IiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WQirUkScNWVrgDIBh3qLSHfAnvhFcvO2o23j51tm44I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="365" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-v2/imageContent-11455-j9jqz61k-m4.png" ,Gulistan News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_557/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000979&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmODY1OWJmNi03Mzk0LTRlMWUtOTIwNy1iZGY5OTljNGVjZWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hD0sghdAGl1hVZtgQm_Iz2iFhtpNOyHPFTx7diDBMxk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="846" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-v1/imageContent-56399-kfesi49c-m1.png" ,Haryanvi Hits
https://tataskylinearkv4.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/haryanvihits/8b04821feb065f68858c15c98f4ec736.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000080&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZTJhMDM4Yy04ZDdlLTQ2YWEtYTY5YS1kYTU2OTUzYjExY2MiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ElYoCByQ6FvgRfVSBAhPJ90xQaVk7n1QodwsWs1sOcA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="83" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-255-j5fz95pc-v1/imageContent-255-j5fz95pc-m1.png" ,ETV Telangana
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449410.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000617&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNDUxZmNkOC0wOWViLTRmMTQtOGMzMy1jMjg1MjM3MTJjNzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OHDg17-sWRaHFPGM2S-qcATfNrdy_54cuErlTe3grfU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="590" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-v2/imageContent-12186-j9plqam8-m3.png" ,Telugu Naaptol
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_485/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000174&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMDk2ZTJjZC1mYTE2LTRmMGQtOWMzOC1hYjUwZjQ0ZGE1NjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TGCHQIQUSqlVkzHbo4QBovrOFOD_C98NOF-V0P6gxAI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="157" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-548-j5kxtaig-v1/imageContent-548-j5kxtaig-m1.png" ,Channel News Asia
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/4098392.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000072&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2M2QyNjYzNy1kMDM2LTQzZGEtOWJjNy00MDNkZDAwYTM4MjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.XORCJcYmll7g7zHZk0cZx7LVfnA_YcuaICr1iJwk5fw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="72" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-231-j5fxh0ag-v1/imageContent-231-j5fxh0ag-m1.png" ,REPUBLIC TV
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284269.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000430&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwMjM3ZTVkYi1iMTY4LTQ3MzItOTI0ZC1kOGI4MGE3MWE3ZTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4jfSThMSrnAjF8bLys43T4OEU8AzXnyfhOYAQfm6cV0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="408" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-v2/imageContent-11622-j9k0845k-m2.png" ,Nambikkai TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_651/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000683&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNDgxMzE0MS1iNjE4LTQwNjEtYmJlNC00MDAzMzA1ZjFhMWIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.luPkjOwA0vrYAXOLiwhciBhmOK_t1jBPJgCz8tS5DQw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="647" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24578-jgotgry0-v1/imageContent-24578-jgotgry0-m1.png" ,Isaiaruvi
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000397&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMDI2YmJhZS01ZDgyLTQwMWEtOWVjZS02MjU5MmNhY2ZhZWIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Up22SceUxcZYUG1FUXmwQHYKY1w5914hfCCu-VZiNbQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="377" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11520-j9jtr0y8-v1/imageContent-11520-j9jtr0y8-m1.png" ,Kappa TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727668.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000934&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkNmQ3YjIxMC1iNGFkLTRjM2UtYjg0MC1hOTkzZjBhYmNmNTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ty4h0cquzQU1VlEmtXaDymVA9qa92n1U_oLpVNWktmQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="824" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53941-kblrui1c-v3/imageContent-53941-kblrui1c-m3.png" ,Power TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1119/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000438&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwY2FiNDRkNC05YTZhLTQ3NTItOWMwNC1jZTkwZWE1NzFjZTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.47_1q3MBjMewlSvqTLM6svX_d6vgI5vL0KyLrIftx24|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="418" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21152-je6orzfk-v1/imageContent-21152-je6orzfk-m1.png" ,Colors Tamil
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000492&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NTUwNDg1Mi1hNmQ0LTRkOWMtYTljZS02MTRhNjMzMjZkYWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TGq-nRFlRo0Hlbg6AjrLsC_UEEfSwXE7joV6IOeTsUA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="468" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11813-j9kz0vow-v1/imageContent-11813-j9kz0vow-m1.png" ,Star Jalsha HD
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1313336.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000868&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0OTQyNmQ0MC1kNmVmLTQyMjUtOWEyNi0xMDI4ZjVlMDljYjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.KWtEwM7QiBcIz-01JxT4uCv0-KWC8aBg4IWIFw5E7w8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="785" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48007-k3jkp6y8-v1/imageContent-48007-k3jkp6y8-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Kannada Cinema
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2917672.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001100&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZjZjMjZjNy0xZmM0LTQ3ZTQtYTZlOS1hZGM3NTQ5MzlmNGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.o9yTuZDiuWXEGm52qPTDJH54CBXLrqFmYaRHuWl6RNA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="949" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-v2/imageContent-65985-ku6gly6w-m2.png" ,Live Sri Naga Sai Mandir Coimbatore
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/536.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MmE0YjVjOS0wMzk1LTRiZjQtYjYwMi0xZGFhNTEyM2M3MWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hrLl_7gWgVaBF_VkpWm5vGiqENhnuneWutyGt7LMo_A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="891" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-v1/imageContent-61443-kmbf79yw-m1.png" ,Mantavya News
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/36.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000425&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2Yzk2ZjJhNy0xNmI0LTQwZWUtYWQwNi1mMjM0MTQwYjEzNzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.myC6BwZqI04dyfIf7cFNdgzvZweiBsUP2SOwY-QJASE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="405" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-v1/imageContent-11607-j9jznhvc-m1.png" ,MTV Beats HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1197.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000104&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMWE5MDAzMi04ODlmLTQ1MzUtOGIyMi0xZTBhNjIyZjEyOTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.IJB9C__8bcaw-RQeRLx0vTJMfElssW0RKt6x0wWlzh0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="103" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-v1/imageContent-330-j5jl5on4-m1.png" ,MTV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_105/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001050&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYTQ1ZmM0ZS0xNjk5LTQ4NWEtOTEwMS05ZjYwNjQ4ZjM0YTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QNAvwDrPeMOobtmUfnPRs3T3TDEJNklFz4rB3lBMbPs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="902" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-v1/imageContent-62181-knrp5974-m1.png" ,News 24 Madhyapradesh Chattisgarh
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4114.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000358&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5ZDliZDNjMS0yODRkLTQzZTgtODc2ZS02ZDhhMmRlNWFkMjMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CZ07gMJSNdKe0ktr4_RpOnPmBcUlRdGMJ7rUapjJ0Hg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="548" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-v3/imageContent-11392-j9jq3lgw-m2.png" ,DD Yadagiri
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4144008.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000508&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNzc3OTlkMy1mYjMwLTQ5ZTEtOGI5Ni1hMTM1MTIwYmE0NjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lpVLVL_N9Ue4KPk0rMaxpCSm5O52_Wmo73iCKxOSYX0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="480" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-v3/imageContent-11858-j9l1v6k8-m4.png" ,TLC HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734532.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000968&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMDRlZjJhZC0yZTdjLTRiMTMtOGJhOC1mMWFkNjUzMzJkZjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.z9pxSreWkI_tynwJRif5_xo8u5mP4iaEzWKM9GIq6uE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="837" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-v1/imageContent-56259-kf4te7xs-m1.png" ,Hare Krsna
https://dmewjyfrjf65h.cloudfront.net/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000257&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMzcyYjg4Ny1iOWM4LTRkMDctYTNiNS0yYWYxNmI1NTUxYmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.inH0QPj6hBzKb3erWa4BmqoH3jLFVKLd3u2x1NGGSSU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="243" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-4154-j69pdmvk-v1/imageContent-4154-j69pdmvk-m1.png" ,CNN
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1500762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000517&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwODlhOGNiMC1lMDlkLTRkM2YtOGFkMi00YWQ4MWVmYzRlMjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zd0GEiG32Wt9PAtQUJ_Hvh1iY1x57SSpfIRdzUGkNyo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="490" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-v1/imageContent-11882-j9l3qcrs-m1.png" ,SVBC 2
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734546.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000244&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMWRlN2I4Zi0wNTAxLTRhZTEtOTkyYi04ZjliZmMzYzgzMmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.FBa_5AVJ21rxph22hecbUb8SW1vwsq4FW3kZbAbA844|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="230" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1005-j5nfiy9c-v1/imageContent-1005-j5nfiy9c-m1.png" ,Surya TV
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1416426.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000313&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NDgxOWY0Zi0wNGU1LTRiNDMtYjdiYy02OWZkMzQ0MDkyM2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._7tmW4dt4TqXUCViM9rQBBBm86OcexsynzyJsR8D-34|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="299" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-v1/imageContent-11267-j9j323l4-m1.png" ,Captain News
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2815385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000393&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2Mjg0OWNiZS03YzI3LTRiZWEtODk1Yy1lMzk3OTVkNzBlYzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BGNrdq4NAA9ctQj51xnfkLDCKrpPf-V8ph0hHcyziWQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="373" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-v1/imageContent-11507-j9jto5k0-m1.png" ,Jinvani Channel
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/3800634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000471&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhZjE3ZTJjMy00OThkLTRiMzEtOThlNi05YWM5YmE0MGFkMDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zYUQZapHSsGWXPtMqvBqrWGthBrIDQ_CnOZEDdKOWoU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="445" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-v2/imageContent-11745-j9kwb568-m3.png" ,Shubhavaarta TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_716/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000273&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyYTkxZjIyZi05YTY1LTQ3MTQtOWY2ZC05ZDE3MTRhYzBlM2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.sk5yWgB4b0znM8sDu6VVoT6-F7zS4X_CVXRNLMtQUIk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="259" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-v1/imageContent-11110-j95ioyag-m1.png" ,Zee News
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_420/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000039&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMzdjYWY1OS1iN2Q5LTQ2ZGYtYWVhYy00NGFjMDQxNmFjOWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.sk2PMMC7pvBCOysuhuJU7ie8LkJPKEJDDrbefDBISiU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="40" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-v1/imageContent-117-j5fl7440-m1.png" ,&tv HD
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000025&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlZTEwYzZhOS1mODFlLTRmMDYtYmY5MC02ZjI2ZTMyOGZhODAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3dFiDjpsVxzT3p9Wh9pOuLy7FoPdRuPJc8MMDwy7h7Y|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="26" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-v1/imageContent-75-j5fikj0o-m1.png" ,Colors Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_283/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000609&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmM2Q3YmMxYi1iM2ZhLTRlYWUtOWY1Yi03ZjdjMzkzNjk2MjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU0LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU0LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ngwlMCvtttWD3_HbArqLqyGTm5x8aBfCbRRr_852jh8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="580" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-v1/imageContent-12155-j9pd5ug8-m1.png" ,Zee Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326442.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000728&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzM2FhY2VmMi1mODBjLTQxOTgtYTY1YS01OWFmZDRkZWU4Y2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.uQyldqP_RSMgMB7H-rED2RJIUZF1ZNaYNvMtowpTkNY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="685" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-v4/imageContent-34516-jp9bj0qg-m4.png" ,India Voice
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_922/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000298&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYmE4MmIyMi0xNzU1LTQ0YTktYTVkZS1hZGJiZTJiZjdkOWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hruxokiVSuUXBC0MFnoxPfU-6Ag1E-4Hs-L9UXR0mfo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="285" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-v1/imageContent-11224-j9iclykw-m2.png" ,Aradana TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_460/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNjE1YmVjZi0xOGVmLTQxZDAtODZmYy0xYWQ5NGQ5YmVlMTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ikPQpj2TweqMAI4U6yZ9jOap5T_FoyuNlcTTOsH2Dhg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="905" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62236-kny7yzaw-v1/imageContent-62236-kny7yzaw-m1.png" ,ETV Bal Bharat
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000108&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0ODQ0MDhlNS02MTQ2LTRhOWMtYjIyYS1iYTllY2RjMjJlZjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.eQdykfwOljRv9JkKO_eoPo7ZEfWmk5Api8QiidWcPOE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="107" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-340-j5jmiei0-v1/imageContent-340-j5jmiei0-m1.png" ,Colors Gujarati
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2727349.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000210&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzYzMwYTU1OC1lN2Y5LTRjM2QtODc1Mi04ZGFlY2E5MTgzOTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.5DQdYcErYBnTTnrWXsiFEpNuU9Hv0v-IpyMfukvQM8o|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="199" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-807-j5m7zoyo-v1/imageContent-807-j5m7zoyo-m1.png" ,Jaya Max
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2640682.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001089&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlN2E2N2YwMi02MWRjLTRjMmEtYWQwNi02ZDc0N2FhMTY2ZWUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.eUS4WGMDuK5SfHWb300v9wEm-xfDGHE1t4uOpLk5Xoc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="936" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-v1/imageContent-65113-ksr86jc0-m1.png" ,Punjabi Hits
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1334/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001101&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmNDljNmM4YS1lMGNiLTQ0YjUtYWIwOC03NDY0ZTdhYTNiYjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lPZhNcDKh9NlXcHUt3PhB9981kzJmFyvJhY1oI-h2i0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="950" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-v1/imageContent-66223-ku9gfjug-m1.png" ,ET Now Swadesh
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1781/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000056&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYjhkMzYwMy03NTRiLTQ1ZDUtYTA1ZS1hN2VjZTYzNTUzYjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.c55p4-tDsOudhwkJr2clNcUfGlIX7EE2V32-LkS65KY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="61" group-title="HINDI MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-v2/imageContent-183-j5fsqz5c-m2.png" ,Colors Cineplex HD
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4092383.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000537&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMzZkNzI1YS0zNTdlLTQxY2EtYTM1NC00NjY0Njg0NmI2YTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CQ6tMqDVGGGgVss0QW4gYx59vLnJOERvrMrdV3Cy-7Y|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="509" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11942-j9lthi34-v1/imageContent-11942-j9lthi34-m1.png" ,Polimer News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2646807.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000054&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2M2ZlZGQ0NC03OGFlLTQzMTUtYWMxZC04YmRhMDI3ZWNiY2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Grezd9gbHjpVP7ZJOsVghLC2AOa1Q9R2W91jSVcUqgU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="53" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-v2/imageContent-149-j5frd0jc-m2.png" ,Colors Cineplex
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2100168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001085&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmNmIzOGMyOC1lNjI1LTRkYmYtODQwYS1lNzQ2ZDc2NGJlOTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LjkfvaSpfYjhCFq7Bk5tuiqR_pmRf0uyBs65zM7XlgE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="933" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64891-ks8v01o8-v1/imageContent-64891-ks8v01o8-m2.png" ,Asianet Movies - Hot Star Feed
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/29273.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000211&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMTczN2VmZi1lMGMwLTRkODItYmUxMi0yNzc2YzU5ZTViY2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.XIzljAVMxtwIjIT0qLTLGFpW2zoZkm0XODk-qIwsoRI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="198" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-810-j5m84h14-v1/imageContent-810-j5m84h14-m1.png" ,Jaya Plus
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145147.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000271&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMTZhYTdlOC05NjZlLTQzY2ItODU2ZC05MWJhYmVjOGZhZjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9yN4D9uPFg7bzmrvaVJ0ea5c7kzvd8AdzKZHggeJ6KQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="257" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9006-j7rlwsns-v2/imageContent-9006-j7rlwsns-m4.png" ,Zee Tamil
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_429/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000352&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NWRiMDNmOC0yOGY5LTRlYjgtOGI4NC1jN2I0OTRhN2Q0OTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.kiXZpds_CNSgoh6fGBxAymbVxwFgnYlwteuj5L2mdL8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="335" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-v1/imageContent-11374-j9jpwgiw-m1.png" ,DD Punjabi
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739529.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYmM3NmQ3MS0wMDQ2LTQxZTYtOGM2ZS1kZDJlNzgwN2VkNDciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.cTWNgC4QoLsAeFlnHed1suyx3BZw1do6WNSRK9Oc_HQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="2" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-v2/imageContent-6-j5f5oyqw-m2.png" ,Travel XP - 4K
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_275/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZWZjMTY5OS1mOWViLTQ5MDQtOTJkOS03MDIwMWNiNzAyNzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.oKCSs4AvhjaLdWm_tYlhHQY8WeuRfr3Dq8-FpvC5CV4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="15" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43-j5fca4k0-v2/imageContent-43-j5fca4k0-m3.png" ,SET HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_300/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000408&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2OWIyN2M5Ny04YzJmLTRjNzktYjQ3Ny1mYmZlMWQ1ZTFiOGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.GrChWKG2yQ_ZrdPCqKkq-PpByTOLylmHwElRk50QGSg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="387" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18348-jcqpx9ns-v1/imageContent-18348-jcqpx9ns-m1.PNG" ,Star Maa Movies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319471.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000400&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MTliNWEyOS03ZTkyLTRhYzYtYTlmYy0wYzc4M2RkZDg4ODgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.SsWCV9KI_dZTt8LINPH5jHvIdq0xbhP9oPh2JWTVddM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="380" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11536-j9jty5w8-v1/imageContent-11536-j9jty5w8-m1.png" ,KTV HD
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2122483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000871&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwN2Y0ZWU0ZC02MWVjLTQ1NjQtOGE3Ni0wNmQxNTdhMzFiNGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xUEWryusH3Y1fQKgAeCKtblnZ21uPTNyp2WthC2E384|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="787" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-v1/imageContent-48498-k3zd4bsg-m3.png" ,ANB NEWS
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452806.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000444&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0OWU4MmU4MC1iOTZkLTQ3MGQtYjJmMy0yZmU4NGJlZjQyYzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tN3vs9eJZ_tmG9423152zo6RvPoZnRQLDPqSqBpGnNE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="420" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-v1/imageContent-11664-j9kcouh4-m1.png" ,Peace of Mind
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051407.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjOWMxYmM4Yi1hM2MzLTQ3ZGMtOWFjMi1kY2Q2MjZiOGMzYzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.gMbp19VX5iVIWxp3h-jxCUjaI-fFTlDxhsaXUwnDIJU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="56" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-198-j5fsr7mw-v2/imageContent-198-j5fsr7mw-m2.png" ,SONY WAH
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/1478882.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000864&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MWEyMWEzYi03NWI0LTQyNmYtOTMzMC1jZjcxYWQxNzNiMTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.t9q9Ghi-v6eA4blZJoH28VfQ4xusLH76vE_gPnj4n48|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="782" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-v1/imageContent-47615-k2jwaqug-m3.png" ,Namma TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/571.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2Yjg3NjdmMC00NmE1LTQ0YmItYmQ0My03MzNkMGQ4M2QyZmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1cCWGAX70wopvsSDxpz6TNkzfI9HcMQcVcLsWr3U848|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="898" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62147-knict3og-v1/imageContent-62147-knict3og-m1.png" ,Hornbill TV
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/190490.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000456&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YTc2ZTRhNy1iYmI1LTRkY2QtYWQ3Yi0wMWM3N2QxZTlhYmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU1LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU1LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zc6oJyDxMRnrFlVCydU8EbY97uzNLOfvBKFO33XmTLM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="439" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11700-j9ksbotk-v1/imageContent-11700-j9ksbotk-m1.png" ,Raj TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/4183362.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000168&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNDVmNDUwNi1jMDNmLTQ1Y2ItODRkOS1mZmUxOTZiZjQ1NmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tS8aGppgwdMxt6yCGtS9DgLp5fFGYcwVuDuQoXpMZXo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="222" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-v1/imageContent-8971-j7rffd40-m1.png" ,India News MP CG
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2974474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000485&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5ZGU2MTVkNy0yNDA5LTQxZDMtOWM0Ni1iMjAzMGE5MWVjZGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.PxssV68OVyWl06K5VExZ9_0T8tT38dnpvJEPzpCR5Xo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="464" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11787-j9kynnm0-v2/imageContent-11787-j9kynnm0-m2.png" ,SONY TEN 3 HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5989228.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000245&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZjkzMTc4NS1hMWUzLTQ0MjEtYmRmYS01YWI2OGJhYWQ1MmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zxQ7KKeCF-NR_A_yT6xycJZ5R1Q3E_dx12pibm03jHw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="229" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1008-j5nfqjeo-v1/imageContent-1008-j5nfqjeo-m1.png" ,Surya Movies
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454889.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001107&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MzA2ZDY4Ny03NmU5LTQ3NzAtODFlMi0xNzE4ZGUxMzYzMzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bdA6lIohC2Ljs-4DoOZOd1U3mqzEQRAfqFMzhxYJ-DY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="956" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66705-kuqnqhwg-v1/imageContent-66705-kuqnqhwg-m1.png" ,STAR Maa HD
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4168398.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000449&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMDY0ZDUzMC0xN2EzLTQyZjAtODhhZC1kYTdkZmJhYjM4ZjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WhoOsKVlipAiOLVSuyWgyd78YtVgEaNdwtVZppmyo40|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="426" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11679-j9khnqag-v1/imageContent-11679-j9khnqag-m1.png" ,Raj Digital Plus
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2227027.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000896&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3Y2YyYzEwNy02ODhhLTQzZTMtYmJjZi1iYTNiOWY3NGQyN2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zbdMBdnlm4X13HNmSBafiEoT5oscYqaLG1MjGeJo_yk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="808" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49809-k7454ppk-v1/imageContent-49809-k7454ppk-m3.png" ,Tata Sky Hits HD
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2292664.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjYmVjNGJiMS0wM2Y3LTRmNzgtODk0OC1hNDlkMGM5ZTc0YTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1rqmvXEBySujtuP53Ds15bdbn_LO5kG5-Gzm62zhenA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="954" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66595-kupdpd9k-v1/imageContent-66595-kupdpd9k-m1.png" ,Star Maa Gold
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5223418.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000362&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ZDBhMzUyYy05NjAzLTRkMmEtYjkyYy0wOWFkNTk5Mjk4NTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bSxkYFDIbAA8ZA2mqBNU9R2EHp5hM6eCfvCpGkFEW4s|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="346" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-v1/imageContent-11398-j9jq9xv4-m1.png" ,Disha TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/567173.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000502&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NWU2YjZlZi1lMzFjLTRhMzktYWYyYy1kYTNkYzQxNDI2NjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.8mw3OM1fgXmAYCtuZKZOk-rUgAvVSIg8ASeMYsP68H4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="477" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11788-j9kypa94-v1/imageContent-11788-j9kypa94-m2.png" ,Sri Sankara TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/130.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000343&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwOTRjNTcyZi0wZjBjLTRlZjQtOTI4Yy02MDEyZDg4MzhkZjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YnnFadA13eE7YnaS3fLrshRoyEN01Fu0w0ccNy-tLBU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="325" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-v1/imageContent-11345-j9jpidkw-m1.png" ,DD Kashir
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454821.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000233&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZWJkYjcwNi00MGNkLTQ1MWYtOTA4Yy1jNWJiMTc0YmNiZmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.imI4MDx8nbQmEQH6kM5uZ7C2FT1vWiYaJIZ_MdXjcwQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="219" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-v2/imageContent-876-j5mcolzc-m2.png" ,Discovery Channel
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_128/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000013&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlYWIxYmMxYy0xMjRjLTQxNmQtOTBiOC1kZmIyZjYwMGYzMWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YqgOnVrdZ5XuKH7Qg_J4F8vtJJahZuu3GR627C1GLNo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="12" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-v3/imageContent-42-j5fc9b8g-m3.png" ,Zee Ganga
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3115483.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000524&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwZjUyMjc0Yy00NTg1LTRhODItYjJhZi0wYzEzOGFkYmFlMmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.T-j0ooELgVui80KUNT2x1seDEsRLlzQbFsRzxuAPoAs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="500" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-v1/imageContent-11903-j9l4wxy8-m1.png" ,Vedic
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562162.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000895&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2OWQwMzY0OC1iMDFlLTRkN2UtYjNjMy0xNGUwZGU3OGY3NGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.jwWeF3RqMfad-3wYShjw1uEmhkvh93A26GM3VlvfLt8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="806" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-v1/imageContent-49636-k6lo3yfc-m1.png" ,Boogle Bollywood
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/263.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000876&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlNmVjMWRhMi1jMmUwLTQ4MmItYTM3ZS1kNTg3NWExZmIxNmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.DLAMmBWzsMHJWSAbErdyqTf5db9CsEN_f_89aOZe4e0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="789" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48748-k4jbpl00-v1/imageContent-48748-k4jbpl00-m2.png" ,Tata Sky Hollywood Local
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631160.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000553&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZDE2N2FkYS0wNmJhLTQyMGMtYTYyMS0yZDk1M2ExNjNkZmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Us-3fHxyWFemOf5aJjDlGmSeUoxI3mufzHJ6yUt1BUE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="516" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25361-jhsvr3nc-v1/imageContent-25361-jhsvr3nc-m1.png" ,STAR Maa HD
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1734527.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000684&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNjgwYzM0Yi04NDQwLTQ2ZTEtYWNmMi0yMDJhNTEyY2EwYjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.y2tpssp6Xs5-8nXAUr_7pB2XrPBCNbt0DpAw1fH8CnQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="648" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24685-jgrl9bqg-v1/imageContent-24685-jgrl9bqg-m2.png" ,Calcutta News
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7916.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000117&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5M2FhODViMC1kNDU5LTQ0ZWYtOGVjOS01ODg2YmUyYzA0MGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bj-Ez99s0LIPu0Jp16VHmyljMIamqc1On3m79xvXtco|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="113" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-v1/imageContent-369-j5jo9i3s-m1.png" ,Discovery Science
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_153/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000243&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxNjM5Nzc4Ni1iYzdhLTQ0ZDctOTZlOC0xOWExMmVhY2QxNzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bSD60gtwgX-g7uvFSeja54Al3yZGJRs2YRgaMFemRAk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="231" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1002-j5nf74c0-v1/imageContent-1002-j5nf74c0-m1.png" ,Udaya Movies
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5554941.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000652&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiYzhmYjkyZC0wNjRkLTRmODYtYjJiYS1jOGM5MDBhOTE4MDIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4cb9eSPpZIYUZrX8NiNfuaPvpkDu4r-428vykz0qIoo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="628" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-16105-jcaldhoo-v2/imageContent-16105-jcaldhoo-m5.png" ,Insync
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_862/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000565&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMGFjOTE3Ny1kZmFmLTQxOTEtODQ2Yy1mY2NmYzlkMTY0YzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WleogJeqrUojARq-fkDQtpISfPC5nrBgMGlA9jl3hIE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="537" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11514-j9jtp5tk-v1/imageContent-11514-j9jtp5tk-m2.png" ,Jalsha Movies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326416.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001059&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjOGRhZDYxZC1iNmYwLTQ1ZmQtODk3NS1jMjBlZGZlMmE3NGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.iO1JCO6Tm8fsB2-1v_3134Bq2fLFqi2IrDVKiDTMYjs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="908" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-v1/imageContent-62599-koxtswe0-m2.png" ,Nimbark TV
https://legitpro.co.in/dash/nimbarktv/index.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000300&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkNDY0YzZiZC03ZGE4LTQ5NTItODk1Ny1jYWFlZTdjZWI3OTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lchqo41U3TTQctHdJkUmM-tyXRTimFe7SdtJqbNG89o|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="282" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11230-j9icx1i0-v1/imageContent-11230-j9icx1i0-m1.png" ,Angel TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_456/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000559&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwODJkMzU2NC1jMjljLTQ4MzUtODgzZS03MjAzNTFkNjcyNzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.kJw4LTrQObHZkglNcnW8I011RfDunn3XUbGEalQgphY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="530" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11165-j9ht50s8-v2/imageContent-11165-j9ht50s8-m5.png" ,&Prive HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_431/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000457&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlYjc4YjU2OS00MGZkLTRjMDItYTY1NS04YTZiYjYzNDM2ZTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Ucy7luwgncXxLV4oJ70uXOlnvgdA_QSVSAdwuISZ108|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="438" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-v2/imageContent-11703-j9ksw12o-m2.png" ,Colors Rishtey
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4085.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000574&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiYzI1YzQyNy1hOGVjLTRiY2YtOGVhZi0zZDVkMmJiMjYwZWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-6qVYKQptCRDnsYfxpEsEyuECxZc7nGykGi6sGrxEKI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="543" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-v1/imageContent-12053-j9o3yhko-m1.png" ,Colors
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4074.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000226&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MDkzMzc2OS04ZTNmLTQ3ZWEtOWMyMC03NTkyNmFhZmQxOGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.PRvLkYI8XVTrFhnv1FBM7U1t_GrUYFgP3Q3DJprWcp8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="211" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-855-j5ma1eig-v2/imageContent-855-j5ma1eig-m2.png" ,Kairali News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/47.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000237&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYTEzZGRiYS01NWQ0LTQ0YWYtYWNhYS0zZGFiYmJkNGU1ODYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.klKWZFAf0Jgo046RKSEC_7VmGp5zk3LO1W_e3vxvnnQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="224" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-v1/imageContent-946-j5mip6a0-m1.png" ,E24
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2057622.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000501&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlNTM4ZWZmMS04ZWVhLTRlMTAtOTdmMC00MTZmMmVmMGY5MGMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LgOO_6uS_DUfK4RaeA_87aX_Ie9YGWREnhzXpFbsx5U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="474" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11837-j9kzms9s-v2/imageContent-11837-j9kzms9s-m3.png" ,Sun Life
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_756/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000718&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NTEyNzA4Ny0xMGUwLTQzYjUtYjYwMi1jMWFiMDRhMmE1MjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-GCz2EcVPEfU-rYsBbb4dejDjpm7btoX82ob9RkXPek|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="681" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34164-jok06xoo-v1/imageContent-34164-jok06xoo-m1.png" ,Cartoon Network HD+
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18056.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000479&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MDI4NjNiYy0wNzY0LTQ2YmYtYjE1Zi01ZDI0ZWYyNmI3MjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LvWXOc5umlWn6vs7rNG39UUKCWG4eLO4KKMv3Lh6AVc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="456" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-v1/imageContent-11767-j9kwretk-m1.png" ,Satsang TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000428&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YjY4OWU3NS0zMzkwLTQyZjEtYjdkNS04ZGRlMmEzYjA1MTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.w4DZJMg9W9iXK1yY1cV8osUO6dHtNl-8H2Ow4IrcYTc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="411" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11616-j9k04eo0-v1/imageContent-11616-j9k04eo0-m1.png" ,Murasu TV
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051397.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000306&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4OTI4MWQ4My1kNDllLTQ5YzUtYWI0Ny02YTk2ZjZlMWQ0YTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YqjXxFuEO74MQSjskibn77fnRps5XFBcetYFcG8qvqw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="292" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11246-j9iw5g74-v3/imageContent-11246-j9iw5g74-m3.png" ,Asianet HD
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2492502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001045&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiZGFkMmFiOC05MzMwLTRjYjctYjNlZi1jYmVhZDM1ZWFhODQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.78oLeVjYwW6f4VMQaQ4S_sYFzhSrOqszgNTfMW6cHkc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="896" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-v1/imageContent-62141-knicrr2g-m1.png" ,Colors Bangla Cinema
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1305/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000697&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ZWE1MTcyYS0yNWM1LTRkNzgtOWFlNS0xNThkYjY1YTgwYzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.aSu28XJzy8f86yKj_4HuZuOTsWwSmb1cm3V8afnJPMA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="658" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-30959-jky1nic8-v1/imageContent-30959-jky1nic8-m2.png" ,SONY MARATHI
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451339.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000396&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzYWYxYWY1MS1hN2UxLTQ0ZDctOTc2NC0wOGMwZmFhMjdmMTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.K2nz8EcyzwA_cTxOP-jdQErH-EaGupVSnwwfFCKvLjo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="376" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-v1/imageContent-12271-j9to48zc-m2.png" ,Kanak News
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638473.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000231&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMDgxNzY5Ny0wYTFlLTQxZDQtODM4Ny1hNTE5YjJjN2YxN2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.AJLD62ORCOqNFiMrlR0alvXn1rHsdhTmDoVoLNzbV94|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="217" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-870-j5mb6j80-v1/imageContent-870-j5mb6j80-m1.png" ,Sangeet Marathi
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145165.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000403&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxOTA5OTIyYS05NjY1LTRjNzYtYTM4NS00ZDlhYWY0OWE4ZWUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9C9PBI7ZP2c-nISjndpUn_kpUsBDqFHeO3SIb4zkzBE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="382" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-v2/imageContent-11544-j9ju5kvc-m3.png" ,Zee Zest HD
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_604/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000742&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzM2M3YWI0YS1mMmJiLTQ5MjEtODM3Ny02NzI5MzhlNTM2MDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3_ZCKsFVZOvy4xkghk7IZOwp9TAbiQ3oOCvlEB_tj1c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="698" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-v1/imageContent-35622-jrr5mvig-m1.png" ,INH 24X7
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914733.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000596&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyODVhOTAyOC0yYjlkLTRmMmUtOWY3MC1jYmQ1MDczYTQ1NzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.L-NwZI_mG_q_zYssICbwfYl7ywsnRhe0UV2dNniHyy4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="566" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-v2/imageContent-45791-k0696crk-m4.png" ,Kannada Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_649/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000855&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjODRlYTUxOS1kYjE4LTRjZGEtYTg5MC04MDAxN2I2ZWNlZGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.HlEKw8oBKjoypd8GCVxPUtwp_UDhQoF777QWy8lbGX4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="773" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47242-k1vmve74-v1/imageContent-47242-k1vmve74-m2.png" ,PTC Simran
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_968/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000363&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MmNjNzdiZi0wNGI0LTQ0MzYtYjEwNy02NWUwNzU0M2Q5MGMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9aBRxoMeGY7k8Y1KkmPiCXM1XLMWY1YUb9clnseG3cc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="350" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11407-j9jqjucg-v1/imageContent-11407-j9jqjucg-m1.png" ,Dishum
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477152.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000750&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhOTVhMWIzNC0xM2M5LTQyYWYtYjRiZS00NTY0YzBkZTM2N2YiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.G--yR1oA71-MIDOrL28ylvVPeNtDJfpFnNPa1pj2edE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="708" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-38738-juc4a1ig-v5/imageContent-38738-juc4a1ig-m8.png" ,Jaya TV HD
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2984980.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000337&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNzFlYjU0YS1lODlhLTQwNzMtYWNkZC1lZTQ4MmYzNTIyZDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ERh7Lky0USrNwb09KU8Es53Mwcdi-9SfRvch7EMSBbA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="322" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-v2/imageContent-11333-j9joxlw8-m2.png" ,DD News
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1691524.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000884&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYjczNzk2YS04NGViLTRhODQtYjcwOC02ZTgxMDg3MGVhZTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU2LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU2LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.89gxUdIX3_hqPVlWCZ7M5M76c3czl6gRFZxryiEjyJk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="797" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49016-k5lx1za0-v2/imageContent-49016-k5lx1za0-m2.png" ,Zee Thirai
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2648363.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001088&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiMDFiMDZhZi04OWQ4LTRhMDQtOGRiNi0wMGIzNzViZTAxMmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MmhZYN7W-6QpDxosA3tTe-mZ6C0Qb3DKdrz7BqSVC-Y|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="937" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-v1/imageContent-65108-ksr7d028-m2.png" ,Anaadi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1333/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000664&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MzNmYmE3OS1hYjI3LTQ1YzQtOTIyMS00OTIxMWY0ZWFlNDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xnd02Jd2gUuyQTXcquU4lTX-2xTm6NP0PRhaHoegJIY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="634" group-title="Shopping" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21303-je858doo-v2/imageContent-21303-je858doo-m2.png" ,Ezmall
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_872/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001015&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MTE1OGQ2MS1mZDI2LTQwOWMtOTdmOC1lZTBlYWJkZmQwZjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.mE4Do5Azr1d3fh_UXCtYqwVo3YTC6gm_KFNYLm5_CfA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="870" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-v1/imageContent-58492-kixkb2ug-m1.png" ,Jan TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/664890.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000196&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwMzA2ZDlkNi05ZGE4LTQ2MmYtYTM4My1mNGQyODAxMDM5ZWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9wrb7PhWUrCqsQ8ZfImsMMAfCrXhBS_jLlO-TPRZwR8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="180" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-v2/imageContent-765-j5m2mbjk-m2.png" ,Anjan TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_370/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000141&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0YWFhNDk4ZS1hYjg2LTQ1OGMtYWM2Yi05ZmEyZjM5MDI5YTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.V4Sp5U6_w16KlwPsFwTC-KJQg_PS2r9T-oZ91xTlAe0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="132" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-441-j5jt3mmg-v2/imageContent-441-j5jt3mmg-m2.png" ,SONY MAX
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145102.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000318&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZjM3OTc4ZS1hNzM5LTQ3MWMtOTcxMC1lMTI0Mjc2ZWYxZGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ZFloB4meWS8L8NVAYi66OSUkxmIDC3AX2rhA6EHrzXg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="304" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11284-j9j4sn4o-v2/imageContent-11284-j9j4sn4o-m2.png" ,CNBC TV18 Prime HD
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167765.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000530&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYmVlMDY2ZC1iYWI5LTQ3OTktYWE4YS05YzQ1YjE5NzlmYmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hcV5IV0bUk-yMNOWfupaK1HYEGDZaP4eALe0bFDdxW8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="506" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11921-j9l5ek7k-v5/imageContent-11921-j9l5ek7k-m8.png" ,&Flix HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_832/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000114&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZmE3ZTM4MC0zN2UwLTRlN2EtOGMxMS0zMjM4NjQ5YTBlMzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xFuPc76oawQmS5-QTE-Do6i0BNm9nJZD_z3zz_bA5X0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="115" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-355-j5jndjn4-v1/imageContent-355-j5jndjn4-m2.png" ,Colors Oriya
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2640617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000618&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MjA3NDI5NC0xM2E3LTQ2OTktYTc5My0wOTllY2NjNWY5OTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.jaNotkSMDszBoFi8E8AXS3p2527OTW5jIapd8kawr30|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="591" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12189-j9plqlf4-v1/imageContent-12189-j9plqlf4-m1.png" ,MIRROR NOW
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631048.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000381&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMmVkOTllMC02ZmRhLTRmODEtOTM2NS1hYWMwZDdhMzZhYTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CFowbdNp0VTKE5UVa7bZ49F03toKUPlh2DQtALBHW6U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="348" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35638-jruyxl0g-v4/imageContent-35638-jruyxl0g-m7.PNG" ,Harvest TV 24x7
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_559/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000642&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4YmZjMTM5NS0wMzI1LTQ2MGYtYWJiOC0yYjNmMDI0YjRiNzQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1irEgtcf1Hgm6_7mxsBBIO-TAnMMEznoAYdJrbTkr34|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="618" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12282-ja02jlp4-v1/imageContent-12282-ja02jlp4-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Beauty
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3399745.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000785&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZGM1YjI5ZS0wZDE3LTRmNzItOTk5Yi0xNWQwNjkyODJkNmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WYZNwIQUr7Tg6onY_WnS8fRpc8GVE8VP6Vulsv9Hsls|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="730" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-v2/imageContent-43104-jxzls8yw-m2.png" ,B4U Kadak
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_957/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000236&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNGU2NzZjOC1lMzAyLTQ2M2EtODA3Mi1iMzVhZWJjN2Y3NDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.g5i0mpZ9P9M4fYRxjKSkdBeF7rY3nXX-nb1zb5hhc64|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="223" group-title="SPORTS SD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-v1/imageContent-941-j5mhk5fc-m1.png" ,DD Sports
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2112645.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000582&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiYWZjZDQ3Ni04YTlmLTQ1M2QtODI1My1mZTI2MTJkZWI2ODIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NhbiHPiufE4hw-x1sxSfISJiX84Jgrm9oiPiVtjvKhM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="553" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12065-j9o9phqg-v1/imageContent-12065-j9o9phqg-m1.png" ,We TV
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000093&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNzYwMjkxNC02Nzg0LTQyNWQtYTkzOC02YzI3ZTY2YTNmZWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.g-VN6J2rmPvbo8vRFKH-N2gUiE1In1gXeUrBK0zSn5E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="92" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-297-j5ji8qv4-v1/imageContent-297-j5ji8qv4-m1.png" ,PTC Chak De
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2220359.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001005&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiOWQxN2QzNy0zNmQwLTRhNjItYjY3OS1lZTUzYTMzNzI1OGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2I7-bozKfTdwBcqUBxELTK89QfXCmCXQ2qV5DUy0Hfg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="863" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-v2/imageContent-57764-khdq3smg-m2.png" ,Kalvi TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1142/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001006&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiYzAzYzNhZC1kMDQ1LTQ3OTMtYTFjYi0xODFlYmFhNDI5YzIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.it3Rn2O41CfAHgB_VQTIFiku-T48c7GNlC2ACvsrkUI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="864" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57767-khdq7qlk-v2/imageContent-57767-khdq7qlk-m2.png" ,Tata Sky Curiosity Channel
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/3431292.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001073&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3Njc1ZWQxOC0wMzM4LTQwMWEtYjk4Ni01YzUxM2MyYjg5ZWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Z7OO_jOLhkxS1V4X2sg6w9bEGYu94XYU23U9ShN1ZOs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="922" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63498-kqq89g5k-v2/imageContent-63498-kqq89g5k-m3.png" ,PTC Music
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1322/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000665&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzODVkMDRkMS05MmIyLTQ1MmYtOGY4YS00Y2NlZWU5NWNkNjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NaWJV0bP0pn5CkJhzaFX-oYxX6-1iwhssIrcnY1qgMI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="636" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21307-je859sm0-v1/imageContent-21307-je859sm0-m2.png" ,Zee Cinemalu HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644013.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000455&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMzlhZmNkMC1iNDJlLTQ4NWQtODUyNy04NGVhMzAxZDQwMzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Cs2SD3rDVFjTyECOMy6y9lGXzaJO7jr7fpDe2d3E644|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="430" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11697-j9kjhxs0-v3/imageContent-11697-j9kjhxs0-m3.png" ,Raj News Telugu
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326422.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000666&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNjllNTY2YS00NTNhLTRhNTgtODkyMi02OTFlZGVjNmZlMzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.q63tHXsRT4fXAhgJxl3NKmSriGsCIKtxLbzEuxd1g60|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="635" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-21304-je859a3c-v1/imageContent-21304-je859a3c-m1.png" ,Zee Telugu HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5166025.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000270&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZGM1YzU3OC1hNzU3LTQ1YTEtYmFiNi1hYWM0NjIzYTUxNWIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.c_z11HWLQfx0fG-VnWl7olc1bChjrRcJAmI4qz7efHk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="256" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11030-j8yk2g3s-v1/imageContent-11030-j8yk2g3s-m1.png" ,Zee Kannada
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903682.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000131&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4MjFjZmZkNC0wNDE3LTQ3YmItYjk1MS0wNTEyNzBhOGFhODEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LAb3CPk-RvPGoThb6ehnRLrhA1F_PEze5to_co3Aark|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="123" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-v1/imageContent-11027-j8yjr8k0-m1.png" ,Zee Cinema
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2648345.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000301&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYWRlNzcyZi1kODk4LTQwYmYtYWE1NS1kNjk2MzZjMzk0NmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.nZvqb5AH59IUPciwxALap8lvoMupFfH07-METbWv_5M|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="286" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-v1/imageContent-17573-jclve4rc-m1.png" ,APN News
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/22.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000690&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiMGIzNmUzYS1mMDVmLTRjMjktOGViYi01MzNhMjQ3ZjM1ZjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xUcKkk08aPWXli98RqPCaTEIFQff2TPJyIHL_27MoSs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="652" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-v2/imageContent-25494-ji1a6ym0-m2.png" ,Bansal News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_885/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000034&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNmYyNzVkYi00MzBiLTQ2NDktYTM2ZC1lYTMxMjA5YjYxOGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tOWY3mwraFmOyndo-76Y8gTuigC66Bgf8IAQ5-RBgbY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="39" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-102-j5fl5pyg-v1/imageContent-102-j5fl5pyg-m1.png" ,9X Jalwa
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/5061322.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000454&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiMTM0Mzc1Yi00MTZiLTQwYjQtYjU1Zi0xMTQ0OTBhMmQxYWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.eKI3AUIVpqXY3MUln7AuG0cSu6bCx6W69c3KZRhdY6A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="428" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11694-j9kjc0tc-v1/imageContent-11694-j9kjc0tc-m1.png" ,Raj News Malayalam
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2914715.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000910&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNzZkNTg3Ni0yYWU2LTQ4ZDEtODg2Zi0wNTJkYzRmZTkwOWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1GFr8bVh4muRDIxp8A3JeWRmAT6eW961-A81dSiyKQY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="815" group-title="SPORTS SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52856-k984c4vc-v1/imageContent-52856-k984c4vc-m1.png" ,1sports
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/4326721.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000240&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzYjQwMTI4NC00NzAyLTQyY2ItYjlhNS1lNGUwOTVmYmY1NjEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.VVU5CZJW5ThJYw1n4mzxebfhDhdW8bU2b3ggbFA4jaY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="227" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-959-j5mipsnk-v1/imageContent-959-j5mipsnk-m1.png" ,Fashion TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3241367.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001002&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NzZiYTIzOS00NzE1LTQ1MzUtYTk5NS1jM2U3MDc0MTc5ODIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WqMasm2M_JPAin0quHpOsEYdoNFF5d0apHGJeIfzKCE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="862" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-v1/imageContent-57706-kh2c2r8w-m2.png" ,Studio Yuva
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1140/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000463&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzY2Y4MGZlMS1lYTVjLTQ0ZmQtOGEwNy04Y2FkMDBhYzU1YzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xJhV62hDBqvHRNCNytU30ADRYzTl1VrOvHhBBipR59Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="441" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-v2/imageContent-11719-j9ktg6ds-m2.png" ,Samay
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_703/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000881&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ZTk5ZmFjOC03NzAxLTRhODEtOGVlNy0zNzZlZmNhZmY0NDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ozVWVls99OVrom1YMcQha80pCnjMoAIoTv6G3rhbmo4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="794" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-v2/imageContent-48860-k4nlxy14-m2.png" ,PTC Punjabi Gold
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3822887.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000481&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiYjFiYzRhYS1hNDVkLTQ2YzgtYjliNC03OTc4NDY5YzQzY2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4EsbrifkOxkhu_zE3QNQiE9mdp6_7TL_3T-dotx7_7c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="458" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-v1/imageContent-11775-j9kwuk8w-m1.png" ,Shubh TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/2227021.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000042&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZTI3YTk2Zi1kODdhLTQ2ZjItODgxMC01MzMyMmVhYTY4ZjUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.f3EQ_oXcqw-FOphBEkgP_GLylrf2WVlWnacAtrjTcaU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="44" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-126-j5fnf4ig-v2/imageContent-126-j5fnf4ig-m2.png" ,Seithigal TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_349/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001108&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1YTJjNmU4YS1iZWUwLTQyMzEtYjhlYy1mZmU2YTJkYmE3NjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.yxie6ir7eSPyvTwc38qWKAfuRld1HUuGRGuSYRqqGN4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="957" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-66770-kuwalqkg-v1/imageContent-66770-kuwalqkg-m1.png" ,Star Maa Movies HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5244603.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000103&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMjQ1NTVlOS1hZTNjLTRkNDEtOTQ5Yy02M2E3NzJmMmJjNjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OdeZroRp_sdCqhNMezEwRSXldGPaOmktW_JolVjXDC4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="104" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-v1/imageContent-8568-j7lnde80-m1.png" ,India TV
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_148/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000509&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlZWY2OTBhNC01NDIwLTQ2MzAtODRlMy1iMmNmYjY5YjQ3MzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.B4Nuh4lDeO1tlhF2FeZek0JTYZN39NQQpL2fTtLynyY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="547" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11853-j9l1tvhs-v4/imageContent-11853-j9l1tvhs-m5.png" ,Times Now World
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_779/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000283&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1N2FmYmEwZi0zOTZhLTRlOWEtYTAzNy1mNmJhMjJjZjNmMjkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.DPigoUCFVYOvCcZ9FXkW3bxodJ9KynidwFWJMWf3t8I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="268" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11182-j9i3o5pc-v1/imageContent-11182-j9i3o5pc-m1.png" ,ETV Life
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMGY3ZWMxYS1jNjAyLTQ4MWYtOGU0MC1kMDhjMzhiMmQ2YWUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.lwy64xWt9ENTOFNUF9xNhoyrJV3Fg-cYrrz0PRLr3LU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="904" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-v2/imageContent-62245-kny89ag0-m2.png" ,Malayalam Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1313/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000258&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNWQ3ZWU0OC0zODE5LTQwZGYtYjY3Mi1iNDRiMDZlNmUzNzciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.VA-el_Q6KxgoNZejj55809qc_5Elcr4xd2_NkMVi8P4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="244" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-6895-j6vqhqnc-v2/imageContent-6895-j6vqhqnc-m2.png" ,Star Bharat HD
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4242467.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlY2RlZTJhYy01ZTcxLTQzMWUtOTcyMS1jMmIwNTlmOTIxODQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1vK20GGkNJIFfIIBGGk7Nbs8ApIbIyXyZif_0dLO8SI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="31" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-v1/imageContent-90-j5fjv4hk-m1.png" ,Mazhavil Manorama
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_320/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000221&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYWVmNWYyNC03MzMzLTQxNzEtODcxZi01NjdhNTY2ZmQ3MjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YV3Z_UIcD-SfG38FUgg9uoYhZQAUJ3QmJnr8S32j900|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="205" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23226-jeyiac80-v1/imageContent-23226-jeyiac80-m1.png" ,News18 Rajasthan
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625147.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000228&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NzYyNGM0Ni0zYWMxLTRlODktODMzNS02NmYxN2Y3NTNmZmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2-jVt6jouI_VKTRfGvmbkxQrE2rrg6V-juiPd7aqcFc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="214" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-860-j5mao56o-v1/imageContent-860-j5mao56o-m1.png" ,Rengoni TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3117502.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000193&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ZTA0ZmM1OC0xZWU2LTQyZmItOTJiNS1lNjIwODVjMzA2ZDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-O405DosLsxd4CWjK2Vf-pCRCn1G-5uFg564emERjic|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="175" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-v1/imageContent-31233-jli1wlvc-m1.png" ,Zee Bollywood
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3253299.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000269&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NGE0NDk4NC1mYTU2LTQ5MjMtYmQxOS1mNWY2MDRiNTgxNmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.EplCmVN410YNIU7LfGUcX07j6N1CLDG_Pv9QIJNd7eY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="255" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9000-j7rkz0m0-v1/imageContent-9000-j7rkz0m0-m1.png" ,WION
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3215617.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000219&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YjYyNDFjYy05ZTc3LTQxNTQtODM2Zi01NTg4MTdjNGQ5MWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.zV4K08pjGdImktyUlo-6IF7SuKok7sMVkJ8q1RlPi3c|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="208" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-834-j5m9nrrs-v1/imageContent-834-j5m9nrrs-m1.png" ,NDTV 24x7
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284312.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000097&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMjU5Mjk5NS1jYTllLTRjN2MtOWJiNC1hMTE4YjgyZmIwY2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4V71Z-FUqQmdcRviO-bZp5K9xTjz279uVf_oqUfWbq8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="99" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44904-jzu8ri4o-v1/imageContent-44904-jzu8ri4o-m1.png" ,D Tamil
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240991.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000149&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmY2Y2OTg2OC04YjgxLTQxMDUtYjhiMS03NjQ2ZGE3MDUwYjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn0seyJlcGlkIjoiU3Vic2NyaXB0aW9uX0Jyb3dzZXJfU3RyZWFtaW5nIiwiYmlkIjoiMTAwMDAwMTQxMSJ9XSwiaXNzIjoiVFROIn0.1AMx88Rd7BEjZIfyENB2zqB6QKAfKttHBmQ1qJsELCo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="138" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-v1/imageContent-465-j5jw9va0-m1.png" ,Nick
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000698&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MmQ1MjI5Yy00NDczLTQ4MWItYTIzMC1kNTRkNmFiYzQ1ZmEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.913qaB5MVIFmGmb-3YP-O1ELEe8i3t5g7_iOXXUK2cU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="660" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-v2/imageContent-11257-j9iy8oj4-m2.png" ,Ayush TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_893/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000576&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMmM5NGI1YS00Y2FkLTQ1ZDItOWEzMC1iZjUyZmQ3YmFiN2YiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.e14jTDVPsX__dyATGrFZwz9vmzzcKRELMwKfkXTtL-8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="546" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-v1/imageContent-12056-j9o5hia8-m1.png" ,Saam TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817634.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000290&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlODE1MjU5OS1kZWZmLTQ5ZTktODlkOS1iY2FlNzhkZTVhYzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._NZAYNfv_-VZzN3BrOz9JdDo6lZyWvc9a7Dg_WYbX-g|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="276" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11200-j9i4gzig-v2/imageContent-11200-j9i4gzig-m3.png" ,WoW Cinema One
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_824/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000036&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwMTRmNzYwYy03YjU2LTQ1MGQtYWE3OS04OWZmODMyMjBlZTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WrJ5mGEk6hvh8INLXWm25FwLG4PloxMpltfnb_H61nE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="35" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-108-j5fl5wwg-v2/imageContent-108-j5fl5wwg-m2.png" ,SONY SIX HD
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5258214.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000636&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3OTQ1NzJiNC05MTMxLTQ4MDQtYTZmYy04NjlkYzQ2ODVkZDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CkrjetbiuTgx1x8xiUjcl5NkGv2CD3IjvGwqRgvj0BY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="612" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12249-j9qr87hc-v5/imageContent-12249-j9qr87hc-m5.png" ,Colors Kannada HD
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2761642.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000878&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmYzc1ZDcwMS1kYTRhLTQ2MWYtYWVmZS01MWZiYWQ3NWFkNTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.vlPcWWw-qt6tyijAia2XJ_5YISQiGN7lHKA3raJSe2k|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="791" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-v1/imageContent-48804-k4m7nz2w-m1.png" ,Fateh TV
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/353.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000094&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzOGIwYmU1Ny02OWFjLTQzNjAtODViMi1jMGJiZDQwMzk4ODEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.cpybFYa-7v5Jv3A51A7mUsRmSZ1qx1HDjzqyPMp7CNo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="91" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-300-j5ji8seo-v1/imageContent-300-j5ji8seo-m1.png" ,PTC News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145095.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000623&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0Njg0NzdlNi0xYjIxLTRlZGItOTM5YS01NzI3MjFkNmVkYzkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU3LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU3LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MAyvZnuYxvxK5MJ03n5v1s-KHMHyYWNlzwOM6OcpTg0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="602" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12213-j9qm0d4w-v2/imageContent-12213-j9qm0d4w-m2.png" ,Zee Cafe
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_184/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000153&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MTE0MDVkMS04NTUyLTRjNjctYjJmZS0zNTM2YTJiMjY2NTkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qY3iHQrVUImHvR2nfxBEBUULEFywfohtGlwumXaG95A|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="140" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12140-j9p7vga8-v1/imageContent-12140-j9p7vga8-m1.png" ,News18 Lokmat
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2625019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000011&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwZjMwZDY0MS1jNzJhLTQyNWMtYjkyYS1lYWQ0NWY4YWJmMTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wqh-8GC8fqwzO7GUiIQv4ZDMCo-s5txPoMzUNzIsViQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="25" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-33-j5fc5fko-v1/imageContent-33-j5fc5fko-m1.png" ,Kairali TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3115492.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000366&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkNjY0NzY5MS1mNGNjLTQ5OTUtYWM5Yi0zNmYwYzVlNWIwOGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1rppNWXSnZAgzzNPtwu0lIrJYaDq53-jKs2vshiwTjk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="352" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11423-j9jqqegg-v1/imageContent-11423-j9jqqegg-m1.png" ,ETV Plus
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811093.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000077&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMTIyYjRmZC0zZmUwLTRmOWEtYTYyNC00YjhjYzc0ZmZkYTIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.X25BzyOT3lP4BY3hdc6TQiH-WyS4aPocbcISZ-t18_Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="78" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8301-j7hc0820-v1/imageContent-8301-j7hc0820-m1.png" ,Star Sports 1 HD
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4779601.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000172&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwYTBmNmFmYS0wOTRiLTQyODAtOWRlOC1mMmU5MzczOGFhY2IiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.AxX4TXfqYjiKIEfvdsPg8y4I9Fco5tcj6F_gAEC76Uw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="155" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-v2/imageContent-542-j5kwwml4-m2.png" ,ABP Majha
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696550.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000442&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNjBjZWFjZS04OGJlLTRiY2YtYWNhOS0zNzAxNTk3NTA3OGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn0seyJlcGlkIjoiU3Vic2NyaXB0aW9uX0Jyb3dzZXJfU3RyZWFtaW5nIiwiYmlkIjoiMTAwMDAwMTQxMSJ9XSwiaXNzIjoiVFROIn0.qjjlFOZiIvy37irciJVHlmDRoadOfFUVSE_bC5MH2s4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="433" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-v1/imageContent-11658-j9k5lvgo-m1.png" ,Nick HD+
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_663/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000307&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkY2FhY2Y1Mi0wZGM2LTQwMjctYjNlMi04Njk3ZDE2NWVlYWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Nhl_jlysXV8BocKgXq58o8gi0ClCaLdRBwOL8KRMseA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="293" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11251-j9ixmaz4-v1/imageContent-11251-j9ixmaz4-m1.png" ,Asianet Movies
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1727652.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000976&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZDdlY2Q2NC02ZWQ4LTRjZDAtYWVmMS0wODgzOGYxMjQ2MjMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UZDTkD-hAQ1sV65CKR3JefgO9mf0XKBR3nbLLXb_wKA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="842" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-v1/imageContent-56389-kfdgngts-m1.png" ,Somnath Temple
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/614.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000699&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMWVmOTZjNi03MjljLTRkNzItODNhZi1hNjQ3OGIwMzljYWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tJkn3nXxJ0LgDpd8i4Touu27_WPSZY1jMV1tHmzi6TE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="659" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-v2/imageContent-31187-jldgeg1k-m2.png" ,Vendhar TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_815/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000648&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZmYzM2NmYi04NDgyLTRlMWMtOGJmNi1hZWRlNzgzZjRkZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-3BJppdnRSKpzkIhT0CW3CDdx1li50jD3QvsHkoDZYk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="624" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-v1/imageContent-12931-jb64agig-m1.png" ,Pitaara TV
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817685.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000957&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZTNhNTQwZC00OWMzLTRlODgtYTk2ZS03NjMxYjAwNjU3NmMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MFXRiYBnt23ImXYu8kPSHSttJm7f8WySyYg0KxCYDcM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="830" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55553-kdzetu0o-v3/imageContent-55553-kdzetu0o-m8.png" ,Filamchi Bhojpuri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2948826.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000554&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxMTI4MjIwNC03ZTUwLTQyYTItODFjMi0zNDg5N2E0NWYwYzkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.nBjNHRVp7wgFsMXW5nbt4dkK1K2bZ_MNIq2PzrDjLdE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="525" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12002-j9nrtf08-v2/imageContent-12002-j9nrtf08-m2.png" ,Raj News Tamil
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_372/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000515&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNzM2NmM2ZC03ZmE0LTRlOGItYjk5NC05Y2FmNWI5NTgxNzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.99qgVdsSbFdcdHlnl07hpBhvsHE4vJtss3bxJf2FH9s|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="489" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11874-j9l376yg-v1/imageContent-11874-j9l376yg-m1.png" ,TV9 Gujarati
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642975.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000194&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzODU0NTFmMi1iZTBiLTQxNjAtOTQyMy0zNjYwMWFhODBmM2QiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MAtyoyi7ecgUaFKX5O5G9gqx3Vbg5dAnrmAR72QvovU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="177" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-759-j5m13014-v2/imageContent-759-j5m13014-m3.png" ,ABP News
https://delta10tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2455131.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000676&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NmNmMTI3OC02MGJjLTQxZWEtODJhYS00NzJjMTNiNmRkYzkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.STEwSDXe4kQbUAvsGVqP2eDSfq4c8ivP98UxsidLbK0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="641" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23495-jf92iycg-v2/imageContent-23495-jf92iycg-m2.png" ,Tata Sky Cooking
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638551.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000573&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ZWQwYmY2Ni04Y2NlLTQwYTctOGJkNi01NGFlNTlkMGY4NTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wpGJ9YmygSX9VdVTl8nEH7XZqCMfnE98Iq_q3fc7Ui4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="544" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18305-jcqmvp7s-v1/imageContent-18305-jcqmvp7s-m1.png" ,Colors Infinity
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_202/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001063&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3ZWY0OTE5ZS0zYzA2LTQ2OGItYmE3NC1kMjlhMWM5OTFkODQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.cB-s4SCN8sGpG8SkeMDllEVTsNyMZcL6ow8U8MhqeiY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="912" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-v1/imageContent-62613-koxw351c-m1.png" ,Haryana Beats
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/139.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000443&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NGVmODFiMS0xNTYwLTQ1MTYtOWYxMC1hNGMwMWEzZmY1MDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.3dKR9NXjgx-OtuDWs20qJaPD0PLUrQgcfVfgZRokrr0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="419" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-v1/imageContent-11659-j9kbj2m8-m1.png" ,OTV
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819742.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000590&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MTkxNmQ5OC0xNDVkLTQyM2UtOWMyYy05YjMwYzJhMWUyNTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.rmR_HyYezEaiUriGHIx6u98Gt9PSpj1B35C6RAcGHh4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="592" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25480-ji031jrs-v1/imageContent-25480-ji031jrs-m1.png" ,&flix
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_186/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000459&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyMDI0NDhmOC0xZTI2LTQzNTctYWQxOC1hYWFmNzE4MzllYTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.MP1wptsm8TWP3_wYLsNJ6JRsNUL1ng73dWLUu6GzFPk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="436" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11709-j9kt6bg0-v1/imageContent-11709-j9kt6bg0-m1.png" ,Safari TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2734019.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000414&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNGVkODc3MS1jNGM4LTQyNmItYmI3NC1mMTViNWEwOGQ0YWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.0oBHy--2CZaYbx6GyuLYiW7PZxrO5hEsgb-_v6GVCw8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="394" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11572-j9jv7wi0-v1/imageContent-11572-j9jv7wi0-m1.png" ,Mathrubhumi News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/4752209.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000562&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MjZkNTA3YS03NjdiLTQ2YTEtYWYxZC00MmUyNTE3Y2MxYjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7kXWNv3A9i6UIPKWJ9h-_7NECQ5RCESJKKq8c8gYFSg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="533" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-18308-jcqnzl68-v1/imageContent-18308-jcqnzl68-m1.PNG" ,Colors SUPER
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2109512.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000147&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjODdjNTAwYS05YjU4LTQ5M2ItOTE4OC03Mjg5YjJiZmQyNzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xnkjgKuq5AW6H0jqamuEeCvtaM35CjkZlRU4-J_w5OQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="136" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-42020-jxb7qjw8-v1/imageContent-42020-jxb7qjw8-m1.png" ,GOOD TiMES
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2292677.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000003&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MzFmOGI5Mi05MTFlLTQ5ZWEtYmQwZi03YTA5OTkyYTEwMzkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.oflroeUdnywm-TAEw7ikA24BJc778t1MkmKOVTjL3OI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="3" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9-j5f6oezc-v1/imageContent-9-j5f6oezc-m1.png" ,Ruposhi Bangla
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3115508.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000662&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0MGU3MjAyOS0xNDk0LTRkYzItOWRkNy0wZTY5N2ZhOGI3YzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.5o7Hav1XyZTxxDe3qORO61n9xN1RApsAIIZYN7h_ESU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="633" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-v2/imageContent-49002-k5cch1cg-m5.png" ,Investigation Discovery
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/4696602.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000360&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNjA1Y2UxMS00NTc2LTRjMDAtOGE3MS02ZGM3MjVjYjdkYTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hPRLkGUo91ilBonY2wS98xiEAPX_oMh_UNyKC5RDD8I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="342" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-v1/imageContent-11397-j9jq7rxk-m1.png" ,Dighvijay 24x7 News
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903729.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000292&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlNDc4NTA5MS0yNmZjLTRiMzAtYjE0MC1jNDQ3NmQzOGUxNjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.iOKnTC9K48WLwi-vgQRpZ6XvuTCnliXq92oHMNOToXA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="278" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-v2/imageContent-11206-j9icarsw-m2.png" ,Good News Today
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2811112.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001040&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlM2M4ODkwZC0xN2JiLTQ4MmItOWNiNy00NmNmOTgzMzRiYjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.T3TVjrrv_3mWLCMb1qEqhcp04PGvFTeufED2eWoq3f0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="892" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-v1/imageContent-61629-kmlgw3yw-m2.png" ,Samara News
https://cable2tatasky.akamaized.net/live/5.stream/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000235&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NmFiNjQyNi0xNmQwLTRlNTEtOWJmMy0xMzQ0ODdlZjc0ZDQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.iAECg2n_yDQ3Lsgaej5e6U4OemkIuS1715MINXrbB1k|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="220" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-v1/imageContent-882-j5mdrg4o-m1.png" ,Puthiya Thalaimurai
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta4/out/i/3145201.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000341&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlZjY5YzM3NC1jYzI2LTRhMGMtOGI5Ny0wMjNlOWY1YTQ2ZGMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ixxHN0rRQrSbzZ4J2hz-r8sjpZuN1L42ajttcjtVQvs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="323" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-v1/imageContent-11341-j9jpdu00-m1.png" ,DD Girnar
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/110.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000158&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkMTFhZDA0MC00OWUyLTRiYjAtYTMyYi0yNWU2NWE4NmNjNTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-SvGp3F2WsH6G_l8aGJtHlr85M6SOWTWRCBl0tHH9cs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="145" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-492-j5jxvaeo-v1/imageContent-492-j5jxvaeo-m1.png" ,ETV Telugu
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_172/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000032&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5MWQ0ZGJlOC1mNDc2LTRhOTMtYTZjMS00MTg0MTM3YzdkZTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.g0OcfFF3i-9B_SsCLfN7rgZBkVGA-spg8tsvx4zsUVs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="33" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-98-j5fjwu7s-v2/imageContent-98-j5fjwu7s-m3.png" ,Public TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta3/out/i/57.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000157&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZDNiOTVhNS0yYzU4LTRkODktYmIwZS1jZTJlZTU0ZDlkODAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._W6uNWzTzHoBNcg8mAD8plyqvZGmTJRFMsxOYo3nqmE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="144" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35368-jr3xz7xs-v1/imageContent-35368-jr3xz7xs-m1.png" ,Disney Junior
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2423338.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000917&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NmViYTlkMC0zZDNhLTQyYjItYmZkZS04OTVhOTM3Y2YwNDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NbzGr4Y0zpqCUyNncQuCjQM5tY3qDdWGZ-5ZNlxV0EQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="817" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-v2/imageContent-52874-k9afcvs0-m6.png" ,DD Retro
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2960270.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000062&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMTM2Y2M0YS1kMzZlLTRkNjktYjFjOS0zMTY5OGEzNDU4MDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dM3ExDCYNJR5wrtL1FlXrQb3rH_0PWz7-SQLg1oAqo4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="66" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12309-ja9ac8n4-v1/imageContent-12309-ja9ac8n4-m1.png" ,News18 Kerala
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696471.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000932&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiZTE3ZjlmYy02N2JjLTRkYjktYjZhOC00MmE2ZWQzOTJkMzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.do7DlX66IAVM6PEjqag5o7kCWwh4y9knubVj4XyytWY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="822" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-v1/imageContent-53933-kblphk60-m4.png" ,Manjari
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/4326697.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000390&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ZTVlNjkwZS0xYmVlLTQ1NWMtOWExMC1kNjhhMTg3ZTBkMDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4pErBlolCP1R6ljfAZE9vSXlVFG46hMjAnVz52PawXU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="370" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11495-j9jtg2ns-v2/imageContent-11495-j9jtg2ns-m2.png" ,Jaihind TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_581/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000249&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2ODdmNWUwMC0yYTkxLTQ5MjQtYmMxYS05OGUxZjlmZmNkZDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.fznMg_iisAOA9pILvNx1Nk8urfBnPaPe3AlfWeBc3m0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="236" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-v1/imageContent-1018-j5nhzme0-m1.png" ,MTV Beats
https://bpprod1catchup.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_402/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000122&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3Y2UzMjkzNy05NTlhLTRhNjUtYmIxNi0xZTc4ZGVlMjAzZDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2MjP7pB4Luhmv2Lr_utbY9bPObSlBzRU-IWsszaA-OE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="117" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-v1/imageContent-384-j5jpj9hc-m1.png" ,Food Food
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/2455096.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000215&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMDE1NWRjYS1iMmViLTQxYWItYTFlYy05Yzk3ZThkNGYyYzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.8BODSbuMX4BaxHFSoEgUk5w1NTaFMIvNOVkQ7Hw0JmM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="196" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-822-j5m8ivjs-v1/imageContent-822-j5m8ivjs-m1.png" ,Kasthuri
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2974809.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000944&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlNzY5NDIyZS02YzdmLTQ4NjEtYTY4YS05NDlmMmI1OGRmNjMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.5kQwqEWAheHnt03wkvDSFyyJQbE0l2hDRtfggnUugrA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="829" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-v1/imageContent-55112-kd88u9so-m2.png" ,Sadhna News MP CG
https://bpprod1catchup.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1122/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000047&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ODVkY2Y1Yi05MGNlLTRiYTktYTY4OS1kMWQyZDVlMjBjZGEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.j52PlYg3_xcNLz-DYfKaYa0toZucRadZ5MpBaTJnl1U|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="48" group-title="DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-141-j5fpeji0-v2/imageContent-141-j5fpeji0-m2.png" ,SONY SAB HD
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_307/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000972&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2YTk1ZTAzNS02NTNhLTRmMDgtYjM3Mi1hNTNhYmM1NjgxOWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.U5J8mp-D2yMmbqKmd0sPNUnhVCrH5J7Ym-4uFvpt67M|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="838" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-v2/imageContent-56320-kf6aheeo-m3.png" ,Kashish News
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1130/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000651&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxN2JiMjNkNy0zNGNlLTRmZWYtYWQ3My0zOGU5OTFkMGI4MzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.5xjjFx7wCxL9WRyiGParur311YeIoAZGnX1GYZ4GhY0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="627" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13097-jbdzn9og-v1/imageContent-13097-jbdzn9og-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Fun Learn Junior
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451304.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000192&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZWY1YzE2MC04Yjg3LTQ1MTMtOTA1YS1lYTExZjA3OGIwNGMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.EKsENTuBR-c8CICOfEztU35PdCwaJrG_HaWH6a0HFGg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="174" group-title="ENGLISH MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-751-j5l5kb9k-v3/imageContent-751-j5l5kb9k-m3.png" ,Romedy Now
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_236/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000205&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYTIxMmM5Mi01ODdmLTQ5YjgtODM2NS1lYzBkNDViNzU0MWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.upkPb6sXfWNjPyJ0Gr-62ptEmWryxpqhGqQk89QUn7I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="193" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-792-j5m75dww-v1/imageContent-792-j5m75dww-m1.png" ,Chardikla Time TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2100220.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000020&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlZmU0NWVmNC0wYmI1LTQ4MWMtOGYxOC1jNzliODQ3ZjdiY2MiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.kWa6iJWW59PnfczmS79xQbMxBwnglL_a3E4zHYRo_PA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="24" group-title="SPORTS HD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60-j5fdr6a0-v1/imageContent-60-j5fdr6a0-m1.png" ,Star Sports 1 Hindi HD
https://delta4tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6527246.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000395&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMmQ2MTFjMS05NmUzLTQzMDktODcxNi0zMTMxYTJiZjRhYWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.T_n1ej_J9soOlHrBK8IbQUO1oqOzYivpdMsYxSBKk3M|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="375" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-v1/imageContent-11513-j9jtooug-m1.png" ,Kalinga TV
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903724.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000184&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMjVhYTY1MS01NzZmLTQwZGEtOGU1YS01YTdjNDBlMDhmMWIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xzvp2ZAtpZ7GlZnVOh_wk4LGA8zG7SO5xNCQLRTFLvc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="166" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-v1/imageContent-23206-jey39grs-m2.png" ,News18 Bihar Jharkhand
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1449423.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001092&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2NDY1M2IwNS02MTA3LTQxNmQtOTVkNS02M2RiOWZhNTE0NDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.OuNFvUl05MtyMNs-yN2BjqPLyRGi2fHUhc2_uhuAPNY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="766" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-v1/imageContent-65193-ktazlcj4-m1.png" ,ITV 24
https://cable3tatasky.akamaized.net/Itv24dash/live.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000549&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwZDYzMjhlOS04NDdmLTQyYmItYmUwZC1hNWFhZmZjZTI3NzAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Hi0QQEZGzxMRTsiCCRO_Ko8PJYPTHXW1FrULSTkLikc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="518" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-v2/imageContent-11984-j9lup2rc-m3.png" ,Zee Salaam
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_839/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000109&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNDI0MDQ5YS1jZTM0LTQyZTktOGI5NS1iNjI4ODdjNjZjOGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.vxMBttngvL9zTSLqb-OzmnneTdwXDs4H6n7hbFPl9Jc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="108" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-345-j5jmkws0-v2/imageContent-345-j5jmkws0-m4.png" ,Colors Kannada
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4123.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000918&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNDU1ODIwMS0wNTZhLTRmNmItYWU2OS0wNDA5ZjkxZmZhNGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.R1kqTccNUpdA9Ab61nhSA9aXjkarEHwAjpq1ksP49tE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="818" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-v2/imageContent-52945-ka1wdss8-m2.png" ,Shemaroo TV
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2894730.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000909&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxMjE2MzcyNy0zNmE3LTQzNzItODNmNS0zY2Y5YTNhN2Y5ODYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Sm0TPo_l2zUG2dxQySk8vdd4LcZL_W2zDXdYiHAPunE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="814" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-52853-k982u9ts-v1/imageContent-52853-k982u9ts-m1.png" ,Zee Biskope
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2852946.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000740&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NzEzMDI0My0zYjEzLTRhMGEtOWQzZC01YmRmMzBmZGY5NTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qt_RH_eZzqPTMTZKGBPyqyhjFC0g85ccChq6WR_zW58|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="696" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-v1/imageContent-35599-jrm11j9c-m1.PNG" ,R Bharat
https://delta5tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3253285.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000940&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNzdlYTE5MS04ZWYzLTRkMzktYjA2Ni0zZDljMTExMjAxNGIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ZHnZvfWO2C68LdJ1vhNH0CpLSLRy8Go2TmPk0LkrcK0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="826" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-v3/imageContent-54569-kcviihig-m3.png" ,Lokshahi
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1121/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000033&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2Y2VjZjkyZS1mYWQ5LTQ5MjAtOGM5NC02YWQ5MmZmYmJhZDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.n_rP56BO87kfMVfl7hTKcRzQ96n323SIV2yT5YrSmaM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="34" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-94-j5fjveio-v2/imageContent-94-j5fjveio-m1.png" ,SONY AATH
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/4326683.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000037&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZDcyYjIzZi0zOGZkLTQ5Y2QtYjI1OS05MWQ3OTJhMDViOWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.mlhcVDF3IhzboTBNlAi8OWtMH4hm8OyBOImnewSRA58|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="37" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-111-j5fl5xo8-v1/imageContent-111-j5fl5xo8-m1.png" ,Mega TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3240952.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000650&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkOWU0MWM4Zi1jMDQ3LTQwODEtOTdkYi03YjhlYmIwZTdiZGMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WfypmmTBlsASZmWMM_ElQ6WFGv5R8oFSdrrihH6sWQk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="626" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-13094-jbdzlsfs-v1/imageContent-13094-jbdzlsfs-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Fun Learn Preschool
https://delta14tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2638522.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000272&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzOWJjOGUzYi03ZmY1LTQ2NWUtODhjNi03MmFkZjc5MWVjOGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU4LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU4LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.VGzEG1lGTikl1PsZ9TlFCK6W-4pFqbos7g61dclcqV0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="258" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9031-j7u3nz6w-v1/imageContent-9031-j7u3nz6w-m1.png" ,Zee 24 Ghanta
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903691.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000448&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYjkxNTI2ZS1lOWRmLTRhZmYtYjc4MC1iMGFkYzQzZjcwOTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Wl6B1rZeKpxV-8kAVg3qzkaQV2bbQqiCEhVqQJagr9I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="424" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-v1/imageContent-11676-j9khi3cw-m1.png" ,Public Music
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2817608.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000197&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YTMwYWFiMS1jNDMwLTQ4MzctOTRhNi1hYmVhNGRjNGVkYWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7-rDKE7PoE_BgQDl7ZNEMEF0m9zEobxhjwfN8BSItRY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="181" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-v1/imageContent-768-j5m31cfs-m1.png" ,Bhojpuri Cinema
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2974486.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000190&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmNGE2YmNhMy1lNTM2LTQ3NzYtYTU2Ni00NGFmYzI3MTU4NmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.LdtbdApJJOjrUPVbXcrfZEZPRJ0N6B6IJLexJGNSrgk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="172" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-v1/imageContent-745-j5l54bnc-m1.png" ,History TV18
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_120/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000026&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhM2IzMDI3MS1hZmZkLTQ0M2YtODVhNS02NGE4MTlmMzE1ZjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Oa7NuGxj4TjddBgLKbmAzbXsUJswE8g9oapmttJ3Qhk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="27" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-v1/imageContent-78-j5fikkk8-m1.png" ,IBC 24
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/2970559.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000550&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzOTEzNTIzOS1kMGRhLTQ2ZTEtOTY2Ni01OTQwYmI4MmI3NTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.YWTm-7rf9Ia3Rtk8IiGjkzHrIxYSayNcBKaHmZgNxE4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="515" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11987-j9lura8g-v1/imageContent-11987-j9lura8g-m1.png" ,Zee Talkies HD
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2326517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000885&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4NWZmYzhmMC04NWNhLTRlODQtOTA4Ny0zMjk1Zjc0ZDc5ZmUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.vEpGpTFHbKYMF5SY2JQP8eaDZqvMda7uWE1PXi9T1HM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="799" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-v2/imageContent-49022-k5lxarmw-m2.png" ,Twenty Four
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_990/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000526&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2Yzc4NDg4ZC1jNTllLTRkNjYtYTQ0ZC04YWRkZGM4MWUzMGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.95EgJK6eYhNbTzRHP913PER1MUS_W2zrTXqOEvr7IPw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="496" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11909-j9l52epk-v2/imageContent-11909-j9l52epk-m4.png" ,Star Vijay HD
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3562165.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000399&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMDg5MmQyNy0xNTFiLTQ3OWMtODZhMy05OWJlMjMwNDhhOTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.J_zaKbhqgtlhErMl3JYSr2piz8DXuPi8g22RiXUkwNM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="379" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-27017-jjo92wyg-v1/imageContent-27017-jjo92wyg-m1.png" ,Khushboo Bangla
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7703.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000543&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNTliNjIyYi0yNGI2LTQzYmUtYmNmYy1iNDc5MTFmNTYwMDciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1F4VrRA-ywCUGNN2lBVY16twWWJA3wp2VZS4wTnG99E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="555" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11963-j9lui4rc-v3/imageContent-11963-j9lui4rc-m4.png" ,Asianet Suvarna News
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/3808171.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000593&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZDg0NzBlZC1kYTdhLTQ3NmItOWM1Yi1jOGFmN2Y0NDRkMDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.7UxE6lCqdvIUWsU6d8Rv_JiOvPeOqCytSvCPAgqxdJ4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="563" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12098-j9oom4eo-v2/imageContent-12098-j9oom4eo-m2.png" ,Moon TV
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_635/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000863&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmOTE4M2YyNS1lZTA2LTQ4NjAtOWVlNS1kZmJhZDExNDdjMzEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.0c-edBS_E689uDR5IMi3RNzB-TS_endDDHNlOzB8hgM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="781" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-v1/imageContent-47612-k2jw4vfc-m4.png" ,Prudent
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/155.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000152&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiMzIxYWM4My1iM2IzLTQ1ZjItODYwNy1iNGUwMzJkOTM5Y2YiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.gG1vh_syVZNWbVlfq5bIcNBAvHipVTSkkH8DaRlTmpc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="142" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-475-j5jx44s8-v1/imageContent-475-j5jx44s8-m1.png" ,UTV Bindass
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553587.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000610&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlMTY0ZjY5Ni1lZDI5LTQ5MzgtODYzMS1jYTE2OTJmZGIwZDgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.51pkVqE0oOiCq6Pzn9x-m5BtqvEk_grNwo590d4Vzdw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="583" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-v1/imageContent-12158-j9pd883k-m1.png" ,Zee Rajasthan News
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2484374.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000435&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzOTA1ZmJiNy1iNWZkLTQ1MmUtOWQ4Ny0xNTIyNGQ0NzU1MDAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.so9tx-_pFwb_-g3gOWVly2jXdnmcFnT5YvNnUrC5OYE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="415" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-v3/imageContent-11637-j9k0qqog-m3.png" ,News11 Bharat
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631009.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000304&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlNDZkMTE4Yi1lNzIwLTQzM2MtODE0MC00MTEyYmMwMDgyOTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.yTbTNTqMllebVCq2jfNyRaW21ioLs7sn7_X8OgUmuA8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="290" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-v2/imageContent-11242-j9irisyw-m2.png" ,Bhakti TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/76.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000055&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZDdjY2JkYi03MDUwLTQ4YTktOTNjYi1lMWYwMjJmYWUwODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.4eIw4Or2zPlU3y3wRWzP8K516dxviLwaD8I4pJ8OPj8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="62" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-180-j5fsqxls-v1/imageContent-180-j5fsqxls-m1.png" ,9X Tashan
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/2455039.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000411&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmOTdhZTJlNC1jMzFkLTRjNTUtODlmYi03YTIxNzRjMDMzOTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Gf70sCxDM7qyvtIfi41uXz_6G68QhtvJYGmTbqreAMc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="392" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11565-j9jv0np4-v1/imageContent-11565-j9jv0np4-m1.png" ,Makkal TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta9/out/i/2107642.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001061&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NzI4ZTExNC1kNTE4LTQyMDUtYTYyOS1kZDJlZDc2YTZkZmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.GYfpUR4luw-a_NXQkLpT39RKYAmYRf11SEKa6-qmCkM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="910" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-v1/imageContent-62607-koxuikrs-m1.png" ,C News Bharat
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/440.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000440&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ODkyNTE5MS0xMzM4LTQ3NWYtYTcxNS03ODg0MGIzYzFiYWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Ki2StqjEC3DU1fIZBTDdwmBg6UasnEAfzI6fj4wThPU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="417" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11644-j9k1gjow-v1/imageContent-11644-j9k1gjow-m1.png" ,North East Live
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051419.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000402&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlY2RlMjQzYS00YjAzLTQ4NzgtODY3Mi0xNzk1OThkYmY3ZDEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ZaJm9zKmisIYGRbm-z7ZLw_ClN885bNJzdu2RsyO1Kw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="381" group-title="Regional Bengali" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11533-j9jtxqgo-v1/imageContent-11533-j9jtxqgo-m1.png" ,Kolkata TV
https://delta40tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2319468.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000012&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2NGE1NzhmOC01YThkLTRkYmQtYWQ1ZS0zZGFiYjJhZDA0ODgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.k88ALBiv3IsFsMEw6AXwrOf619w-MM1WxOVlfvdyGJg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="13" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-v1/imageContent-8968-j7rcix2w-m1.png" ,India News Haryana
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3115511.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000681&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZjk0ZWE3NC1mMGM5LTQ2NjctYTNlZS1lZjg4NTZiNTIzMTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.QH8t8FSSaMB9O0mH_LxM5E7Q10R08kI_WWyPNArWFOc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="645" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-23721-jg0fhacg-v1/imageContent-23721-jg0fhacg-m1.PNG" ,Tata Sky English in Telugu
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1451330.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000686&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNDgyMDk4MS01ZTg5LTQyMTItYTZkNi1mMWUwM2Q1OTg2N2IiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.oIwR0OMFTFDZfioz9SdBf7mAClRkpTkcACa6Flrtb60|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="650" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-v1/imageContent-25048-jhir0kko-m1.png" ,First India Rajasthan
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569767.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000106&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMWM2YzA3ZS03ZWVlLTQ4ZDQtYjIwNy0yNWNjNmEzM2UzZWIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.eitsQnGFxXBJwoDmKN_Sadct_rY9wtE11GQirBdEZGM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="100" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-v1/imageContent-11024-j8yix4g8-m1.png" ,Zee Action
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta6/out/i/2122476.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlY2Q3NjdhZC0zNzVkLTRiNTItYmU0My04NzNiMmM0ZmUwYWQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.foBFHnl5xOfYiT8KOYIKCQ-O46CrX-w4aUbFlnJyIF0|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="30" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-v1/imageContent-9007-j7ss7x80-m1.png" ,India News UP UK
https://delta3tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2219352.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000701&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmZTA5NTJlYS0zNTgzLTQ5ZWUtYWY3YS1jMjAxNDA0OTdhMmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.L5Qn5DQxQDK-5xEEXU-p8k99jL3_lWavLKT8_dOikDc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="662" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-v1/imageContent-31373-jlx4j6gw-m1.png" ,Tata Sky Family Health..
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569764.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000796&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjYjBhZjUyOC04YWIzLTQzMmMtYjMwOS0xODU1YzJmZmU0MTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.pOAJG9tPVZ7_DBhc2I3voOOtLsANbyHml5sNms4a738|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="733" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-44228-jyzbtse0-v1/imageContent-44228-jyzbtse0-m1.png" ,Showbox
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2648337.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000935&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxY2UyMWJmMC1iNGZkLTRhODAtOGZmOC0xYTBhYTAyM2NkMzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UuFlz67ABsY3KScEqX9TIhkXtnRO6NJP4l_pNGn_A1Q|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="823" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-v2/imageContent-53943-kblsqraw-m3.png" ,Goldmines Movies
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/5025603.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001030&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNjYwMzFkOS0xOTA2LTRmM2EtODc2Ny04MTUyZmZjOWQ1NGYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.w9YL_qpds0nNYoAit_8mHRs253paQK0fepS8DubFqiU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="887" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-v1/imageContent-60927-kljn2znc-m1.png" ,Garv Gurbani
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/319.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000585&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MGRkNGNhZi0wOTZkLTQ4OGEtOTZhMi1jNTA3YTIyZjRiZWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-elEGK7ManXVTPiRWASGtFmWuAxNZMcFnT5OvlbhKjE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="556" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12074-j9oat6qw-v5/imageContent-12074-j9oat6qw-m5.png" ,SET
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_300/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000076&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5ZGEwNWE1Ni05MTlhLTQzN2EtYWVhMy0zZGI3ZTliY2E4NjciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BkapA3hy2IG6kO9iDzxnUu7Jg1SDht69j1dTAFjgmTM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="80" group-title="HINDI MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-243-j5fyl2f4-v2/imageContent-243-j5fyl2f4-m2.png" ,SONY MAX HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/6081324.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001095&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhNDVjZWZiYS1iMDZjLTQ4ZjMtYWIyMi1mNzljZDU2MmE1YTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.ALFS0jiqNKr61N8EGySLmYX0Bhkda0BIdltl5jZkVMQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="944" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-v3/imageContent-65966-ku6es6wo-m3.png" ,Live Iskcon Vrindavan
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/579.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000374&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1ZTg4ZWUzNi1kY2U4LTRmNmYtYjBkYy0yOWRkYmEzNGI2ZTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.yF_mmMkVeboWZmbqHMyBFZJf1zkr8HlyrTf9H3lPlcg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="362" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11438-j9jqvyaw-v1/imageContent-11438-j9jqvyaw-m1.png" ,Gemini Movies HD
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2838101.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000720&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1OWQ0NGZhMy0zMjE2LTQ2NTMtOWQwYy1hNDA1OGQzYTFjMjkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.tKB3RfJ1RZZNdSoXY9F2Yisklza-Bi4y3DnPDW3APkE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="677" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-34170-jok0hf00-v5/imageContent-34170-jok0hf00-m6.PNG" ,Tata Sky ShortsTV
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3861892.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000377&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxZGIwNWU3MC0yZDZkLTQyMzAtYTlkZi1kZThmZDJiODgyNTUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.1RfJZApOGitIyXURTgxt8pifN819q4_qvetHyjkUmDg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="356" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-v1/imageContent-11449-j9jqxsns-m1.png" ,God TV
https://delta42tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/168.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000130&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzZGJiNzVmNC1iYzRkLTQ3OWUtODA2Yy0yZWMyZjNiY2M2N2EiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-HwodETd4gG6n3uxJZxGgytvmgyZ2zvb_RHCp5FcjnE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="122" group-title="Regional Punjabi" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-v1/imageContent-408-j5jr93k8-m1.png" ,PTC Punjabi
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2696497.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000419&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmMzRhODc0Zi00ZWZiLTRkOTItYjZmOS1hMDk1ZmQwZjQxODAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NZ36aqvNL_Mw8lP9D4SZVPDmQanNgRwHxljGuGqcqaA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="401" group-title="REGIONAL NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-v1/imageContent-11587-j9jyvxl4-m1.png" ,MH One News
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2631006.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000570&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxYzM4ZmQ3Ni1kNmY3LTQ5YTAtOWMyYy02MjkyOWJkNjNhNzUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.S3DZMdnylzEEiLeJPCY7obaxrdNcbcLkJXEy-c5XusY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="540" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12038-j9o0554o-v2/imageContent-12038-j9o0554o-m2.png" ,Star Suvarna Plus
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4452817.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000144&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxYTVhZmI0Ny1lOGVmLTQ1ZTUtYjgyMS03ZmNkYTVhMmVjODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bUOUzvCzBb2m01HwZHj2LMSNF2UpFHlGKQcdSceVlps|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="134" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-450-j5jtumug-v2/imageContent-450-j5jtumug-m2.png" ,Colors Marathi
https://delta44tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/167744.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000171&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlY2QwMzRmMS05YjM2LTQxMTMtOGE3YS0zNDc4MmFmMDAwMWEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.hR6nw2KARs2xrJaG0-m1Nk-UbN2PwBZIYKCYE208yqg|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="153" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-v1/imageContent-537-j5kwkd88-m1.png" ,Aaj Tak
https://delta11tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3970762.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000620&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhYzM5NTM2Yy01OTY3LTQ1NzktYjExNC0wNTI1NmI5ODJiOWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qhRmZKZx8IZc_M_oWtWiEtDTrPxPog9nxm6-6I_48TY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="596" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12260-j9qv0lz4-v1/imageContent-12260-j9qv0lz4-m1.png" ,Sakshi TV
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/18102.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000984&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI5YjA5MDQ4Yi03NmZkLTRjOWQtYjM2NC00NDM3ZGI3OWRkMTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.oBpRJZdfkDeBQzmNQ_Ds9N76QMrcUkv8d4vXa2e9FTI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="848" group-title="ENGLISH NEWS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-v3/imageContent-56488-kfgbqzso-m5.png" ,Network 10
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/4326676.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000199&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZjMyYmYxMi03NjgxLTRkNWYtOWUwMy1jY2RhZTYxNDQyMGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.vSgmySL_JpD-XwM_5iLgUrvFV-xnE-sY1YOgfM6DhH8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="183" group-title="HINDI NEWS" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-v1/imageContent-774-j5m3h6nk-m1.png" ,India News
https://delta8tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/221.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000893&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NDNjZjk3MC1jM2VlLTQ0YzQtOWEzMi00NzljZGYyOWMyZjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.34qVqrTcymgNXVpkp6dQgQJE9gEPvR4_IBaxLD_eNZ4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="805" group-title="Regional Odia" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-v2/imageContent-49597-k6k8ts8g-m2.png" ,Nandighosha TV
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_993/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000053&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyNjcwOGExZi1lMmM1LTRhYTctYjAyNi05YWIzYmRkZDE0MjgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.2QdPIHBuhrHBwasUmAsyekMue-8wF0Mrtd9_ifAOeJc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="54" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-v3/imageContent-150-j5frd0jc-m5.png" ,The Q
https://delta9tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2100177.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000533&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1NGZjZGI1OS0yYmYzLTRhMDQtODQ5ZS1lNTY4ZmQ4ZjRjMDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.G8D-vFOr46_ia1Qeq9-JNb34i6xUMgsTB7x75N-vRfE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="501" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11930-j9l5hv1c-v1/imageContent-11930-j9l5hv1c-m1.png" ,Zee Marathi HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/7681.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000586&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZDk5NzhkZS01NmJhLTRiMGYtYWU2Yi0xNGIwMDdmZGY5N2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.BaEUtG4sLnDOaQIA_r5sY-fVD-OZmbHh21cHSSN981E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="557" group-title="DRAMA SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-v2/imageContent-12077-j9ob4gm0-m2.png" ,Zee TV
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2719036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000294&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzMjRlNTljZi1iNGM4LTQzNGYtODJmNC01MGEyYWQ4ZTc0ZjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._a7YQJM85-scuBLReSEn5-vfT2Bs75x9hFsB9XKOw44|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="283" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-v1/imageContent-11212-j9icd8jc-m1.png" ,Aastha Bhajan
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903719.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000206&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmY2Q5MWE4OC04OTNkLTRlODktYmJlYi1kNzc3YjNjYmY2ODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.iOw4QUl0PLkH6axSa96rmIZKljex7kRllfp0ZuuwJGY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="191" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-v1/imageContent-795-j5m7axrc-m1.png" ,DD National
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3569776.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000483&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlZjc3NmZlZS05YTNmLTQ2MzAtYWQ1Zi00ZTMyYjRhYjhlNjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.itFgnGvoQih0qGzTqJkY5R-fjsxJu2Nn4_pNw5_X950|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="460" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11779-j9kx7rk0-v2/imageContent-11779-j9kx7rk0-m2.png" ,SONY BBC Earth HD
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta10/out/i/4134883.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000009&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkYzg4NDczNy0zYWMyLTRmZTQtYWI2Zi1iMjg4NDNmYzllODciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.npuue1FUpPbDJWnY6i1--20uZx8orpb6FbY9YDQA9Mc|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="10" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-27-j5fbpbbs-v1/imageContent-27-j5fbpbbs-m1.png" ,Flowers
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta1/out/i/3612689.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000706&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2NTk3ZTU1Ni0wMDEyLTQzN2UtOGZiZS0wMmJmZTQxNzliYTgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.-_OrOAs84E9pOHB86feBXMOEec39Hoi7Lmuj7_6vbO8|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="667" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31454-jmirfosw-v2/imageContent-31454-jmirfosw-m2.png" ,Colors Kannada Cinema
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta7/out/i/2734036.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000793&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjMmFlZWIwNC1jMTE0LTQ1N2YtYWQ5Ni1jM2Y0ZTFkYjBjYjYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.PW-BKig1UMt3Ur2hgD-v0ztM9k_b4owTagAWmY48AhY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="731" group-title="HINDI MOVIES SD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-v2/imageContent-43106-jxzlt6x4-m7.png" ,Manoranjan TV
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2860708.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001065&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyOTEzZTE2MC1jYzIxLTQ0OGEtODE3ZC1lZWRmNTNmYTcyOTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.S32TWqXYR1FuI-_7Saug_VN04i5WO21vDOfZWPqZxwI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="914" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-v1/imageContent-62861-kpdll0iw-m1.png" ,Sony Ten 4
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/41.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000073&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NjcxYjNmNi1hNzZmLTRmN2EtODU0ZS1hMWRlMDdjMzgxNWUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UGU--PG4vhM2RPWV76UQk9R8ieavTtuS-PA5Ws7ykBQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="71" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-25721-jia4i70o-v1/imageContent-25721-jia4i70o-m2.PNG" ,Tata Sky English in Hindi
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284234.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000433&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZGJmZTBiYy0zMWU3LTQ3MjYtODQwOC0yZTM5YmY2OGMxY2UiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.uNlL0gROB0-gn-0C6oGO96D0EAjpybOPmcpw8WX4yvw|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="413" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11631-j9k0ndjc-v1/imageContent-11631-j9k0ndjc-m1.png" ,Nat Geo Wild HD
https://delta35tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2642968.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000344&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIwNmIwZmM0ZS02ODBiLTQ5NjAtODRhYy1iMWQyY2MxMDg2YTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.WaMKxsaImXVCO3lGlswzT0U0zKZbsHZA6ovfygGJ9kY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="326" group-title="DD PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-v1/imageContent-11350-j9jpk8pk-m1.png" ,DD Kisan
https://delta15tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1454898.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000214&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyOWFkNGRlNy03NmY5LTQ0MTItYjc5YS0yNmM4MGM2NjkxNTAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.0NDCFkYSs9sCnDC9guN9xclkbK7BUvprXArs0iYIw24|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="200" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-819-j5m8fsfs-v1/imageContent-819-j5m8fsfs-m1.png" ,Kalaignar TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3117489.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000561&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjNjk3MmE1Ni1iNjBhLTQ3ZTItYjZhZi0zNGU3ZTNjYjg0MWMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.d_k292DB7WeVpwH3wlrJLL5mBGEZl4lVQN-CFvRy7cY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="532" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-v1/imageContent-12020-j9ntf12w-m1.png" ,Asianet News
https://delta33tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2496637.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001029&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjYWU4MzAzOS04MDE5LTQ0OTUtYTExMC00NTRhNzY3ZDFiOTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.5j3gRvOWTM_l6_lmPasqwmzzDpja7qlTO7FKjSDbDJA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="880" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-v1/imageContent-59672-kk74t9r4-m3.png" ,Outdoor Channel
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/247.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001018&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkOTYwMDg4OC0yMWJhLTRlOGUtODY1Yi01MDllOGRhNDMwMDMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ._8OG-K0C2-qwvOL9w3LxPF1O6-BDi8NQsW9kdhuhgq4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="873" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-v1/imageContent-59401-kjudpa1c-m2.png" ,TV9 Bangla
https://bpprod1linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_1149/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000373&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0ZTgyZTJhNC1jMDU1LTQzYTYtOWQ0Yi1hOWE2ZmEzZTRhZDIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Qu9X_NY9nlborE7sZhd4EBpAX_2RLUp4qYPPF1LsAHU|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="361" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11437-j9jqv7ao-v2/imageContent-11437-j9jqv7ao-m2.png" ,Gemini Life
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_549/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000275&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZjI4ZmQ0My0wY2EzLTQ4MzQtOTQ1OC1hMmRlMWFkZDBmZGUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzU5LCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzU5LCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.UD0aXxGjPcA5e0VDQhZBi4iTuIYGEDNNtSJtsPmeBac|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="261" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11156-j96xbrfk-v1/imageContent-11156-j96xbrfk-m1.png" ,Zee 24 Taas
https://delta16tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2903711.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000331&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZTE0YWM4My0zZTMwLTRhMjMtOTEzNy0xNTU3MzUxNGY4MTEiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Tyt-4rkRWj_nO80aHFBbgS5ajdQMOivIK6b5uK8bJaI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="317" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-v1/imageContent-11321-j9jlxaz4-m1.png" ,DD Bihar
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739499.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000420&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzNzY4ZGE5NS02MjBiLTRiNTYtYTNkNi0wMzdlZDAzZjI5YTciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.P9XONhz3qw0iZ-0vyoCbMDDTsccrSPK-hpQsnQLSwCE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="397" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-v1/imageContent-11590-j9jyx4so-m1.png" ,MH One Shraddha
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051386.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000150&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3OTkxOWI0OC01NjMxLTQ5OTQtOGFlZS04NGQ1NWQ2OTY3NGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.TabHFIijF9dtpAF92HRmdUeBPIJ0-plGHzKUf4031vQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="139" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-v1/imageContent-468-j5jwdbi8-m1.png" ,9XM
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2240485.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000138&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3MzBiODZmMi05Njc4LTQwMjMtODU0MC1kYWUxZTAzNzA3ZDciLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.oHArsR8Axclb_0oTvVIzd2eIa0jQVY8jpg8WeEVhZpQ|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="130" group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-v4/imageContent-432-j5jsx754-m4.png" ,Animal Planet
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_129/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000355&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJhMDI5ZDdmOC00OGM5LTRmMjQtYjM4NC03YTgzM2YxMTE0ZWYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NsAknLcV_NzrtQWCs6YNgBOigXUxRS9KMWoDtGliBew|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="337" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-v1/imageContent-11381-j9jq1pkg-m1.png" ,DD Saptagiri
https://delta32tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/1739517.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000067&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1MTk2YTQxOS0yOTU0LTQzZjAtYjUwMS1iYzM2ZmM5OGQ0OGMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.9fm77GFKvTuQEN30eJiuzm7UB_RT0omErQo7517BmpE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="68" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-v1/imageContent-12390-jai3fgy0-m1.png" ,News18 Assam North East
https://delta12tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/3553537.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000071&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI4ZTA1YjAwZC1lMjdjLTQ1NTQtYmZlMy03YTg1MDgyZWYwNjQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.nJCcIZDhMaI1HerL-l5CJAHSZgaSU2iwAgHaRR24_pM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="73" group-title="Regional Gujarati" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-v2/imageContent-228-j5fxgzio-m2.png" ,ABP Asmita
https://delta13tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2284231.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000980&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0NjdiMzkzOC04MzgwLTQ2NGUtODU2Zi1hZDcyNDcwOTA0MGQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.8TznSFNCAgp_GiRJP3pu8Loobjf9Bq1CISVXDBiDyIE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="847" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-v1/imageContent-56402-kfesiz4g-m1.png" ,Krishna Vani
https://tataskylinearkv2.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/KRISHNAVAANI/cdb4d5121f9b2fa38a5e58ce4284414e.sdp/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000744&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJmMDFiNjQ4OS02OTY2LTRmMmQtYjViNy1kOTZiNjNmYWMzNjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.851_r1GG6V3_cqKgN8UBmyT9FSKyW0sPC3qES0c41-k|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="702" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-v1/imageContent-37207-jswmhmpk-m1.PNG" ,News J
https://delta36tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2819815.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000281&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjYTAzMGNjMS03YWM1LTQxYTItOTEwZC1mODhlYjBlMDUyOTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Qm7YZSkR1WYzl1DmVQBBayVsJkH6_9dEFYnh8QcGNtk|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="267" group-title="HINDI MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-v1/imageContent-11173-j9hth720-m1.png" ,&pictures HD
https://delta37tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2644033.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001074&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI1YmMzZDE4My05NDBiLTQ3Y2QtYTYzOC05ZmQzOTBiZDRkYzMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.aWQwHIPrskb7B6VNnJhS5sEF3HYxX_l-t47ZMxZ-rPM|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="923" group-title="Lifestyle" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-v2/imageContent-63764-kr1kzw28-m2.png" ,TravelXP 4K HDR
https://deltatesttatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/86565.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000008&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJlM2M0MTA2Yy00YmMxLTRlZDQtYTA1MC00ZTYzNzBhMjMwNDUiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.bDthaMvgEyU8pPg7oIQcYQELMhFhGV6OSSPJ0kDLI7g|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="9" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-v1/imageContent-24-j5fb33y0-m1.png" ,B4U Music
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta2/out/i/3127385.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000195&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxN2RlNzVkNC05OTZmLTQ4ZGQtOTAyYS0yMDU1MjA3YTJjYTYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.dFd5BFxwGXUuJ7QgryFV-LQT7V9yD5zJXmuySDcfyjo|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="178" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-v1/imageContent-762-j5m21xqw-m1.png" ,Amrita TV
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta8/out/i/2640649.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000494&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI0OWViYjFlZC1jNmUwLTQ4MDAtODNkOC03MTFkMDdlNGI3ZjIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.Ug5mbFu3gCV5czOdeLBJ1Dg8uEs39P77NNUXY8cD-QY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="467" group-title="Regional Kannada" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11816-j9kz224o-v1/imageContent-11816-j9kz224o-m1.png" ,Star Suvarna HD
https://delta43tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/17984.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000044&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiNzZjNzE4NS1lMzE1LTRkNGYtOGEzZS04YTRhMmNmOTA5YzIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.xROj9fxexvo68PiyY-gV6dfDkOYQRZ5qexrWUqWNMDY|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="45" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-132-j5fpedbs-v3/imageContent-132-j5fpedbs-m3.png" ,SONY YAY!
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_365/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000597&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIzYTJmMDhkZS0yYWEwLTQxZTktYTRiMi1iNjEyZGE5ZDMzYmQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.qr5mq-TaALsILW50gbe-XdX5sc1BvQ84UO8-0sBqmNI|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="567" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-12106-j9ooxpug-v2/imageContent-12106-j9ooxpug-m2.png" ,Nepal 1
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_657/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001079&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2MTIyNzg4MS01MjQwLTQ2YTktOTUzYi01NWYyOTQwYjcwMTMiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.HApnCI7QBD7KdrSYIePdtAJYjlw7TPQIcaNgbNNqVWs|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="929" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-64069-kra2o75k-v1/imageContent-64069-kra2o75k-m1.png" ,Tata Sky JEE Prep
https://delta31tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/303.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000705&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIxYzhkMGNmMi02NzBlLTQ4ODctOTg0Zi01ZTZkZjk2MmIyNzgiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.VxaRVTVPCfUbU7Evnbx6wGrTc9XEsvgUhEtaS9hRL4w|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="666" group-title="TATASKY PACK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-31419-jmb48u74-v2/imageContent-31419-jmb48u74-m3.png" ,Tata Sky Theatre HD
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2490652.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000354&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI2NTcwMDQzMS05Y2FhLTRkYzEtYjNmYS1iMjJiMjE0N2VlZmYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.82cdU-ovHYd8WERLeRP8074p-awcnSZI1-0H3reA_-I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="336" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-v1/imageContent-11378-j9jq0f9s-m1.png" ,DD Sahyadri
https://delta38tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2051474.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000774&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJjZmQ5NzhkOC1mYjEzLTQ0NjItYThlZC1jZjE1OWVhMjIxNTQiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.CI3XGsaFwosC2iRNZCV_dHURU2Z3kG2WzGntSR0v7AE|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="723" group-title="Regional Tamil" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-v3/imageContent-41267-jwjjvrt4-m5.png" ,Tamil Naaptol
https://bpprod2linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_954/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000238&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyZTI4ZTllMy0xOGZmLTQyNGYtYmI0Ni0xMmJjZjRhOTdjZDYiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.o_EwBW8bXweHuRHXNBkouhame-I7wDLpX6UuT71ZQ9g|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="225" group-title="Regional Telugu" tvg-logo="http://118.185.56.39/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-951-j5mipdzs-v1/imageContent-951-j5mipdzs-m1.png" ,ABN Andhra Jyothy
https://tataskylinear.pc.cdn.bitgravity.com/delta5/out/i/3241370.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000975&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJkZDdjZjg4YS1kMWE3LTRiYjQtOGI2MS1mYjU4YTM5NWE0NjkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.wDGx-9DzDoQDPchmWSd8I_Yj7B6j3CboedavN8Xf_oA|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="840" group-title="DHARMIK" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-v1/imageContent-56386-kfc14w60-m1.png" ,Shirdi Sai Baba
https://delta45tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/554.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000265&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiJiZWU0ODdiMy05OWNmLTQ5YWUtYTE3YS1kMDgzM2RiNmY3ZjAiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.cwR2XZdlO9P5fQ_IKrPppYtPbOxUsbZrMVI691p0V1E|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="251" group-title="Regional Marathi" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-8846-j7pq3jmo-v2/imageContent-8846-j7pq3jmo-m3.png" ,Zee Marathi
https://bpprod3linear.akamaized.net/bpk-tv/irdeto_com_Channel_424/output/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400000308&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiI3NDZmYjk5ZS1jOTViLTQwMzYtOGZiYi02MmExNTViYWI1ZmIiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.NgBEpOFE5MHVs7lZ4A5VWerjVl6WhSCqKmidzSDops4|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="294" group-title="Regional Malayalam" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-11254-j9ixwlcg-v1/imageContent-11254-j9ixwlcg-m1.png" ,Asianet Plus
https://delta34tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/2477140.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://tatasky.live.ott.irdeto.com/Widevine/getlicense?CrmId=tatasky&AccountId=tatasky&ContentId=400001043&ls_session=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6ImNvbnRyb2xfc2lnbmluZ19rZXlfcHJvZHVjdGlvbl8xNjYxMjc5NjMyMDEwIn0.eyJzdWIiOiIxMTY3MTk3OTEwIiwiaXNlIjp0cnVlLCJqdGkiOiIyOGNiN2JjYi1lOGNlLTQ2NTktYTk3OC0yMGI3MDRkMDdiZDkiLCJhaWQiOiJ0YXRhc2t5IiwiZXhwIjoxNjYzNjE0NzYwLCJuYW1lIjoiQkFCQUJIIFVQQURIWUFZIiwiaWF0IjoxNjYzNTI4MzYwLCJlbnQiOlt7ImVwaWQiOiJTdWJzY3JpcHRpb25fQnJvd3Nlcl9TdHJlYW1pbmciLCJiaWQiOiIxMDAwMDAwMDAxIn1dLCJpc3MiOiJUVE4ifQ.koJR9jsa4LH-FVgE-5jXfIH3maM_l-p01vf2cr30E3I|Content-Type=application/octet-stream|R{SSM}|
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="894" group-title="OTHERS" tvg-logo="http://tank.tskytech.com/jumpstart/Temp_Live/cdn/HLS/Channel/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-v1/imageContent-61722-kmprxffs-m2.png" ,NKTV 24x7
https://delta39tatasky.akamaized.net/out/i/4938758.mpd
